1. I have ordered it since the reviews are very positive in regards to lowering cholesterol level . My doctor was not thrilled , but gave me 3 months to try and see if it works . I sure hope , and will update at my next check up .
2. The price of this item increased drastically since my last scheduled order.I considered cancelling my order , but didn 't ... this time.I hope this is not a trend !
3. I bought these pill to help with my cholesterol count as per my doctor . He did not prescribe this particular product but it seems to do the job for me . I will keep buying this product .
4. Have purchased this product before and have been taking it for 7 months . Both my husband and I lowered our cholesterol numbers significantly . Great product , quick ship . God price .
5. Red Yeast Rice is good to help lower cholesterol . I have used this for some time and have had no problems or side effects from it .
6. Order was easy to complete and the product was received on time and in good condition . It was just what I was looking for .
7. It has worked for my husband and I , have been taking this for a few years . Replaces a lot of stuff that is in the other medicines .
8. I think you will need something in addition , ie. exercise daily , psyllium fiber , garlic etc. to lower cholesterolbelow 230 .
9. Bought red yeast rice at the recommendation of my doctor . This was a value size that was a great price per capsule . No side effects .
10. This extract may be great for some people ; I had a lot of indigestion and have stopped taking it altogether .
11. I haven 't had a blood test yet to see how much they are really helping me but I feel that they are . I like the product and the cost and ease of being able to get them through Amazon . So far so good .
12. Good company to do business with . Will buy again . My wife ordered this concerning her cholesterol . She hasn 't taken it long enough to see any results .
13. After taking this product for 10 days , I was so ill from it . It was progressive . I would never order a large number of meds again without a trial period . I wonder who is monitoring this product from China ?
14. I take this every day and it helps with my colesteral my doctor thinks it helps keep the number down where they should be
15. Was disapointed when I found out I could not take these along with my statins as both are considered medicine
16. I take 1200mg a day to lower my LDL / triglyceride levels . I also take 200mg of Co Q-10 daily because red yeast rice inhibit CoQ10 production as well as cholesterol . This does not work for everyone but it definitely works for me . It is very important to take Co Q-10 with this because taken alone it can weaken muscle including the HEART .
17. It is easy to swallow ( I bought a different firm that was cheaper , but the pillows were too big ) .The results after 3 months were great both for me and my mother .
18. I have taken this product for nearly 18 months . It works well for my body . It was first recommended by my primary care doctor .