1. Not very pleased with the blazer as the arms were a little tight . I purposely ordered couple of size larger so it would be loose , instead the arms just barely fit .
2. too small . I actually ordered a size larger than I normally wear and it was still too tight . It is a shame because I LOVE the look and feel of the fabric .
3. My own fault. review did say that they ran a bit small so I only ordered 1 size up. should have ordered 2 sizes up. just a little tight across the shoulders and in the upper arms. good incentive to loose weight though , cause it 's a very nicely styled jacket and otherwise I like it very much
4. I really like my new blazer . It is lighter weight , not a problem for me and I like the way the cuffs roll up easily . It is perfect with heans or a casual dress .
5. The jacket runs small and is a lint magnet but outside of all of that it looks great with jeans and skirts .
6. Very nice blazer and great material . Fits nice . I can wear it all year round . Very happy that I purchased it
7. This jacket is too way to big for me and I don 't like the material that it 's made of .
8. Great jacket. blazer was a little small in the arms but ok fit. it stretches a little after wearing for awhile
9. While the body of the jacket looked like it would fit , I couldn 't even get my arms in the sleeves , which looked like they had been made for a size zero . Maybe plus size for this manufacturer is just for thin women with large chests .
10. Nice blazer for the price . Fits a little big . Next time order one size smaller . Nice to buy online when you know exactly what your looking for .
11. Should have gotten a smaller size . The blazer was nice . Had to return due to sizing . This was not expected
12. It was a nice blazer but it Didn 't fit , so have to return it . Nice product though , thinking about looking for a different size .
13. I 'm really sad that it was too small . I looked all over for a gold jacket and really loved this one .
14. Awfully snug for a 3X jacket - I would usually wear a 2X so I played it safe by ordering the 3X so at least I can possibly wear it . Don 't think it will button .
15. I was very disappointed , the fit of this blazer is way off , the sleeves are too small , is just horrible ! !
16. I needed a red blazer for political meetings and patriotic get togethers . I couldn 't find one anywere retail . This one has been perfect = good quality and fits well .
17. To tight in the arms . I am hoping I can get it altered to fit looser in the arms , but other then that it is the correct length
18. Ordered an XL but got a 1X . Other than that its quality is great . It came on time as well . I would need to get it tailored .
19. The Colour of the Blazer is the only thing that holds TRUE other than that THE Fit was disappointing in that after selecting based on the measurement chart given on the advertisement page the Blazer Cant Button , Sleeves toooooooo TIGHT.However the SELLER must be commended for PROMPTLY RESOLVING the issue with the Blazer .
20. fits pretty good , but a little tight in arms. thick enough to keep you warm in cold weather. great for a leave open type of blazer too
21. Not a " sharp " look . I wish i had returned it. it is too causal for my office . Too bad because the color is good
22. Nice blazer ! It fits perfectly , nice color and it feels great ! ! ! . I ordered three J.TOMSON PLUS products from this seller , and I am EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH ALL THREE ! ! !
23. Not a huge fan of the fabric and the look of this blazer . Doesn 't pair well with very much . It 's okay .
24. It is really nice and the person I gave it too really likes it also . I have one and love the inside pocket .
25. Order 2x and was too small was not please order a size bigger and was still to small in the arm area .
26. I ordered two different size jackets 1 A XX Large and the other xxx large and neither one of them fit right for me so I gave them to the next person and they worked out just fine
27. The Stripe Lining Fitted Blazer fits nicely because it moves with my body . I would recommend this product to friends and family because the value reflects the product . And such a versatile piece to add to my wardrobe !