1. This hood has a bayonet type attachment : quarter turn and she is on . Good quality , compliments the color of the camera . There are other hoods out there that use the screw on type fit - don 't buy . They are easily dislodged .
2. The description stated that this lens hood would fit my Cannon lens and it does not even begin to fit correctly .
3. I had no complaints about this hood ; quality , price , everything its great . I am not photography expert , just a normal user , so 5 stars may be too much for somebody , but for me , it is what I perceive
4. This fits and stores well , not sure this plastic hood is worth the selling price but gota ' have it , glad I bought it !
5. Perfect addition to y new camera and lens . Works as advertised and fits perfectly . Made by Canon for Canon . Highly recommended .
6. The Lens hood I received didn 't fit my Canon 18-55 mm lens . The lens hood is for another lens.How difficult is is to send the correct lens hood .
7. I recently got this lens hood for my EF-M 18-55mm lens . It was a perfect fit . I could tell the difference in my outdoor photos right away . Do not buy this hood for an EF-S lens . The description states that it is for the EF-M lens and that is the only one it will fit as you will notice from other reviews .
8. This is an OEM lens hood . As usual Canon products are first class . The hood fits well and works . There 's not much else to say about it .
9. Great product . Real OEM shade accepts lens cap and does a great job keeping sun flare off the lens and protecting from damaging bumps . It also helps that it went down to 15 in my wishlist from the original price of almost double that .
10. Fits lens perfect . Other reviewers stating it does not fit are completely wrong . Giving a product a bad rating because you can 't order the correct part is nonsense . This hood is for a EF-M not EF-S 18-55 lens . If in doubt then look at the picture of the lens and compair it to yours .
11. Delivered of time . Works as specified . What can you say about a molded plastic sun shade , but that it works .
12. Very good quality . Fits nicely on the EF-M 18-55mm IS STM Lens . Very easy to flip back forth for taken pictures , or store the camera or lens in your bag .
13. This is your classic tulip shaped lens hood like you would order for any Canon camera . Fit is perfect ( you can reverse position for storage ) , and a must have for your kit . It stays on my lens almost all of the time , except in very low light .
14. It 's made in taiwan , but that what Canon does . Camera body and L-series lenses are from japan . Others are made in China or Taiwan . It fits perfectly and does what it does best .
15. This lens hood is great and secure , but I really think it 's overpriced . Another non-OEM may not fit as securely , but at a fraction of the price .
16. This hood was perfect for my Canon M camera . It was a necessity for outdoor photo shots to prevent lens flares . I would highly recommend this product .
17. Good fit and performs function well but should be included with the lens . You can 't get the most out of this lens in all lighting situations without a hood .... Canon ? What were you thinking ?
18. Fits snugly and easily . Stores nicely in the backward position with no real extra bulk . A must for this lens .