1. This is the most comfortable underwear of any kind ( excluding for now the " granny panties " ) that I 've worn . Awesome for workouts , doesn 't show under clothes , doesn 't move around . I can tell I really like this thong because when I go to put on my skivvies in the morning , I dig around for these . True story .
2. Comfortable and feel like a second skin . No muffin top or other problems sometimes associated with thong underwear . A tad expensive or I 'd buy 10 more !
3. I Bought them for my girlfriend when she works out , she says they are GREAT ! ! ! So what more can you ask for ...
4. Cheaply made . Very uncomfortable . They ride up in the back and roll down in the front . I was highly disappointed : (
5. the product is not for me but for woman with an athletic bodynice productit is good in shape and fitted well to her
6. Fits great , like its painted on . I want more colors and it is nearly invisible under clothes but you need to watch what you wear the bright colors under
7. I do crossfit , sooooo , I move around a lot ! These are ok . Would not reccomend on a day when squatting , lunging , etc . The thong just rides and kind of shifts out of place in the " front " .If you work out moderately , get these . If you go hard , get the same brand but cheeky style .
8. I purchased this for my GF and she loves it. says she can barely feel it on her , and the material is nice and smooth . I like the way it looks . Cant go wrong this is a win win product
9. I would not recommend these at all . My goal was to find a thin , moisture-wicking panty that showed no panty lines . It was uncomfortable through the buttocks and I looked like I had camel-toe in the back . I do not recommend .
10. I really like these thongs , very seamless and comfortable . The one size fits all fits me well . I wonder how well it would fit for people bigger or smaller than me though ?
11. This was another successful purchase . The garment fit very well and my wife was highly pleased . Great fit with dress pants or fitness shorts . Under armour does it again .
12. I bought these not sure how the sizing would work since it 's one size . They are by far the most comfortable underwear I own ! I wear them to aerobics , running , etc .. and I forget I even have underwear on !
13. Nice material , but doesn 't stretch enough for men like some of the ratings say . I was looking for something to wear under my running tights , but these don 't work .
14. This was the worst thong I have ever had . It is paper thin and very uncomfortable . It was a waste of $ 12.00
15. This is a great work-out under clothing item.No " panty lines " and very comfortable.However , since it is " one size fits all " it fit a bit large on me ( I normally wear extra small / small depending on brand and style ) .
16. I am new to thong wearing and it has been a challenge . I am fine with the exposed bottom but the narrow width of the crotch is not comfortable .
17. I love these ! They 're absolutely worth it when on sale . I 'm a big fan of Under Armour , but I wish they weren 't so pricey .
18. Very nice material , stretches great , doesn 't leave panty lines under thin clothes and has plenty of room up front for my package . Love the quality of the thong and barely know it is on . Great fit for guys and gals : )
19. High school volleyball player says they 're great , - no underwear lines , comfortable . Really great compared to others he 's worn . We bought 6 or 7 to have in the rotation .
20. These undies are comfortable and fun to wear . You don 't even notice you have them on . I love Under Armor !
21. I love these ! A bit on the spendy side , but so comfy for any kind of use . I am 5 ' 8 , 130 lbs . I was iffy about the one size fits most , but they fit so great ! These will be all I will buy for now on !
22. True to size and great for circuit training where you sweat alot because it almost feels like you 're not wearing underwear .
23. DAMN ! I upgraded my wifes workout gear and i was speechless when she showed me how it looked. she said it was a nice fit and was light , oh yea no panty lines .
24. I honestly do not wear underwear but had wanted to try these . They fit perfect , do not ride up and do not show any lines . It feels like I 'm not wearing anything at all . Love them !
25. I LOVE THESE . THEY FIT PERFECTLY , THEY FEEL SO NICE . I FEEL NAKED WEARING THEM . THEY ARE SO SEEMLESS FOR ACTIVITIES
26. Terrible product . One size fits all runs really big . I normally wear a small . I had to leave class to adjust them as they were sliding all over.The best fitness thong is bambooty by TASC . Buy one size smaller than your normal size in bambooty .
27. These are my new staple workout panties ! Nobody likes to see lines under their leggings . And with these nobody will ! THe price is a little steep but if you think about the male equivalent- compression shorts that they have to pay $ 25 bucks a pop for it 's easier to fork out the $ $ .