1. Used these to replace ATLONA units that did not work . Worked as expected . Very happy and excellent prices . I have used them up to 100 feet of CAT5e with no issues .
2. I have a panel with both Cat5e and Cat6 running about 30 feet . For some reason my Cat5e couldn 't cut it , but my Cat6 lines worked flawlessly . Great product !
3. Great item for running extended runs of HD tv . Easy to install and does just what it is supposed to do . No signs of any signal drop , picture looks awesome . Will buy again next time I need to run a 100 ' HDMI line .
4. Bought this product on a friend 's recommendation . Works flawlessly . Took all of 2 minutes to set up and get it working properly . Great product .
5. Going about 120 feet over CAT 5e and loses data at 1080 ; runs well at 720 which is OK as I am just displaying still slides and power-Point type data .
6. Used it over Cat5 cable , which ran for at least 30 feet . Had absolutely no problems with sound or picture .
7. Works perfectly with no issues . I have it set up with a 25 ' Cat5 cable and a 3way splitter . Both a computer and an Acer tablet are working fine on my Toshiba TV .
8. This product was the perfect solution whereas it only requires a single Cat5e cable , which is all I had available . Works perfect over my 100 ' Cat5e cable run .
9. We have two of these integrated in our building from a sound console to an overhead projector . Thanks for the great product
10. We have used several different manufacturer 's for the HDMI over Single Cat5 , some of which are twice the cost of these , yet these still outperform the others with no issues .
11. I used this with about a 75 ' run of cat6- works perfect to extend my computer display to my Vizio hd tv .
12. It worked the minute I installed it . The distance was 130 ' and I had no problems . I try to use another manufacturer and had issues .
13. Extenders works perfectly with having to do any additional settings . I was very satisfied with this product ( HD link ) . Good !
14. Never got it to work . Not with 30-foot self-made Cat5e cable that I purchased it for , not even with 5-foot store-bought Cat5e when trying to debug the problem .
15. this product was rated for 200ft . used them on a 250ft run on cat5e cable and it works great i used it to connect a monitor to my camera dvr system. been using it for 3 months now with no issues
16. Made getting the signal to another room , very easy . Easy to hook up , I had No issues with it at all
17. Was looking for something to extend HDMI from cable box in the living room to the television in another room
18. Nothing could be simpler and better than using this product . It was super easy to hookup and it requires only one Cat 6 cable , not two as many others do . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
19. It works great ! ! ! It is easy to set-up and the directions were great . Just make sure you get a HDMI splitter if you are using it for 2-TVs .
20. I 've tested and use it 's very usefull I use for work when I need to extender monitor for far away in HDMI .
21. I had damaged my 50 ' HDMI cable but my installer had also run a Cat-5 cable . Using these adapters , I did not have to try and pull another 50 ' HDMI cable through the wall . Thanks MediaMax for a great wireing job and Sewell for a great product ...
22. After running cat6 cable to extend my hdmi signal 60 feet , the extenders failed to send the signal . Very disappointed after all the work , money for the cat6 cable & time to run the cable , the extenders failed to work . Seller gave me a refund on items but not sure if they actually work .
23. I buy 12 because I have a restaurant where I need to have all TVs connected to see the World Cup , unfortunately two out defective and not working .
24. After a bit of start-up troubleshooting ( had to set my video source to 1080P , then power reset the sending unit ) - this product works great and tech support was very responsive - highly recommend .
25. Tried wireless transmitters with little success , despite only being 50-75 feet with a couple of walls . This little device solved it ... Works flawlessly . Thanks !
26. Installed it and I got both lights on the sender and receiver but no signal . Tried linking them directly to each other with a 3 ' cable and had the same results .
27. Our church have a pre built single Cat 5e inside the wall from the main multimedia room which about 150 ft . Originally we use this cable for VGA over cat to display mirror image from whatever we display in the main sanctuary.After a crazy look out , we found this option and not to mention the price is right , Now we have HD display .