1. I paid extra to get this bag quicker and it was still late . It looks nothing like the picture . Very disappointed in the quality of the bag .
2. Was not at all what the picture had looked like . Poorly made the material it was made from looks like plastic
3. I love the style of the bag , it is super cute ! I am just not a fan of the material it is made of . Still it is very adorable .
4. This was a poor poor choice the bag feel plastic it is super ugly . Came all the way from China and I regret this buy . I would advise you not to buy this bag .
5. This was a great purchase and I enjoy using it and I hope to see it in black one day because it would be part of my purse collection
6. What you see is not always what you get . This is something a child 12 or under would carry . Not Happy
7. The bag was pleather , not at all what the picture showed . I wouldn 't recommend any one buying this bag . Didn 't help that the latch was broken upon arrival .
8. Picture of item looks more like leather than the product actually looks when received . Looks like plastic and the color is different than in the pic. but what can you expect for $ 32.00
9. THE PURSE DID NO LOOK LIKE THE ONE IN THE PICTURE , YOU HAD TO ADD THE HARDWARE . I DON 'T THINK ITWAS WORTH $ 31.00 . I HAVE BOUGHT BETTER QUALITY LOOKING PURSES AT THE USED STORED . VERY DISSAPPOINTED .
10. Broke . Magnet fell off , cross body strap broke . Lining is cheap . Again I am aim of three so money for me doesn 't come by very easy so I treated myself for my birthday and now I have nothing but a broken purse . Bummed .
11. it is ok , I love the color and style but it is too big , too bad the price was great .
12. I don 't usually do reviews .... but feel like I should because this purse was so ugly . The color was a mustardy brown and it was plastic looking . It looks absolutely nothing like the picture . Not worth returning overseas so it went right into the trash sadly . Do not invest in this purse ! !
13. This bag looks NOTHING like the photo ! ! The leather is cheap and smells ! ! Very manipulative with the picture ! I should have read the reviews before ordering this bag ! And it definitely got returned ! ! ITS A GOOD PRICE BECAUSE ITS A CHEAP BAG ! !
14. This bag was not the bag sent tome , it looked cheap and not what the picture look like . I would not recommend it to anyone
15. I purchased this bag because I love large , leather bags . When I opened the package , the purse has a horrible smell . It isn 't the smell of leather , but another smell . Somewhat disappointed because I can 't use it .
16. I purchase this bag for my daughter , it looks nothing like what it did online , plastic and cheap not happy with it
17. It is really Great and I really love it.Big and great PU.It came faster than I expected and is just like it was described .
18. This is not the bag that you are going to receive . It took a month to get the bag and then the bag that was sent was UGLY . Not the same color no where near the image in the picture . The pic is beautiful ! So just admire the pic and save the trouble of receiving a bag that you didn 't want .