1. The largest size is still too tight . I use compression wear for biking so I am quite familiar with this type of product and I can tell you beware .
2. I brought them for my daughter her ask where did I get them she likes them a lot she want of them .
3. These are what they said , though I am thankful I work in climate controlled office they are warm . Will be great in winter !
4. My doctor adviczed me to wear compression stocking because my legs where swollen and hurt after sitting all day at work . She said the fliud needs to be pushed up so I would ti ti it out . She also said the fluid could cause me to have a stoke.If I have to wear them I love these Red Lion Krazy Kats .
5. Love these ! I bought these to help with my marathon training . They are funky and functional . I would recommend them .
6. but the top of the sock is too small and cuts off the circulation . It 's a weird fit as everything is perfect until you get to the top .
7. I bought these because the previous compression socks with toes in them were great. but these are way too tight at the top and loose at the ankles . The only reason I am keeping them is it would cost almost the entire purchase price to send them back . I am seriously disappointed in this purchase .
8. I 'm only a size 7 shoe with medium size legs but these socks were so difficult to put on that it was hardly worth all the effort . I did wear them for the 8hr flight to France but not on the return flight and I had no leg problems either way . I do not recommend these socks
9. They are super cute , but too tight at the top of the calves . I don 't have large calves . The too tight top of the sock hurt my leg and my toes went numb before the end of my shift . I won 't be wearing them again .
10. These socks are greatly quality and have amazing compression in them . But , if you have a slightly larger than normal calf , they are practically impossible to get on . So , for you small calf people out there , you will enjoy these a lot !
11. I have other red lion compression socks and these are the only pair that annoy me . The stripes dig into your legs and when you take them off you legs look all splotchy and indented with stripes : - |
12. Cute and seems to be well made , but the top band is too tight for the rest of the sock .
13. They are LONG in the foot and TIGHT around the calves , and they are extra tight around the top . I also find that they are a heavier-weight that what I need .
14. The size is perfect for me ! If you have larger calves you will want to go up a size . The compression is just right and I love the pattern ! I use for running and they feel better after a longer run than just the calf compression sleeves .
15. Great product , will order more for next summer , i really love the colors with my matching outfits . I look really fly
16. Great for running , can be hard to put on , but well worth it . I would buy again ! also what a great price .
17. leave marks on your legs but any compression socks will . They fit great and I get many complements at the gym for the design
18. I love the socks ! I like the crazy color and the fit is perfect ! I 'm sure to go buy more !
19. She ran her first 10k in them and did it under an hour ! She had to be faster than a cheetah .
20. My daughter loved them . The size runs small so I recommend going up a size if you are not sure.Thank you.Carrie Darras
21. Great spongy toes , bottom and heel . Hard to get on but such is the case with Compression socks . This Large size fits my feet , size 8.5 extra wide . The toe area has enough room for me to still wear my flip flop sandals .
22. These socks are much tighter than other brands of compression socks I have tried . I normally wear a small in other brands but even the medium in this brand is too tight on me .
23. These socks helped me train for and run a 5K injury-free ( no shin splints ) . I ran the 5K while recovering from a calf strain / pull ; I 'm a convert for life ! !
24. If I need to wear compression socks , this is the way to go ! They are comfortable , have a sharp design and they work .
25. like the arm sleeves , these were just too tight . I got large and am not large myself , and still could not stand it for a minute .
26. I didn 't see a compression level listed and these have a pretty high compression . They are cute as can be but I gave them away because I need just light compression .
27. I wear a women 's size 6 to 6 1 / 2 in shoes and bought these socks in a medium . They fight just fine but the compression is too much for me . I wouldn 't want to size up because then the socks would be too long in the feet . The design is very cute , I just wish they weren 't so tight .