1. Long handle . A little bit stiffer than the regular rubber spatulas . Longer handle than other rubber spatulas , which I like . Handle looks like brushed aluminum . Kids stirred onions in fry pan and it didn 't melt or discolor . Using for several months and like them better than any other spatula owned in the past .
2. just like rubbermaid it withstands high heat i like that its not has heavy has the rubbermaid and is easier ti handle indoing some takes
3. this my friends is the perfect spatula - cooking curry or making pastry ... it doesnt leave anything behind ... super awesome.i have about 5 now ... still wanting more .
4. I had been doubtful about silicone for cooking , but read review from Test Kitchen and decided to try for myself . I 'm using it all the time and have bought more for gifts .
5. the rubber shape is great , i like this better than any spatula i 've ever had ... strong and thorough , score.bye
6. I had a couple of these spatulas and after a few months of use the tips started to disintegrate . Unless you enjoy your food seasoned with tiny bits of silicone get aRubbermaid Professional Heat Resistant Scraperinstead .
7. Very well made product--flexible , yet sturdy . The stainless steel handles , while very attractive , give me pause when I rap them on the top of a nonstick pan to remove foodstuff stuck on the spatula--concerned about damaging the nonstick finish .
8. I used this spatula for Christmas baking this year ! Great spatula and cleans up easily in the dishwasher or by hand .
9. I have gone back to using wooden spatulas . This one is ok but cannot scrape eggs off the bottom of a pan .
10. This spatula is the greatest . And , bizarre but true , that brushed stainless steel handle does not , in fact , conduct heat . Obviously this seems counter-intuitive , but there you go . A great product .
11. I am re-doing my kitchen accent color in purples and lavenders - this spatula adds a touch of purple and it works good too . Love silicone items .
12. The spatula is strong yet really flexible , with a pointy side and the curved side for great versatility.The handle is comfortable and this spatula is easy to clean.Other spatulas were strong but too stiff , and too big for things like scraping out jars or getting into small spaces .
13. After about a month of use , little chunks of silicone are breaking off of the edge of this spatula into the food . Metal handle is nice , little chunks of blue silicone in food , not so much .
14. Worth every cent and then some . Money well spent , particularly those that like to cook as I do .
15. I 'm disappointed because I really liked this spatula . It feels good in your hand and scrapes surfaces well but it doesn 't last long .
16. Just like everyone else , the silicone tip began to break off into my food . Gross ! Also bought it because of Cooks Illustrated 's advice . It 's a great spatula , until it wasn 't .
17. I know it sounds funny , but this is my husband 's favorite utensil . The angle makes it easy to remove cooked items like hot cereal from pans completely and thoroughly without harming your pans and the metal handle is nice and solid . Great spatula !
18. I bought two of these spatulas and use them frequently . Unfortunately , one has already become unusable due to cracks in the silicone , which eventually caused a large section to tear off . I 've reverted to using my Oxo spatulas because they are far more durable .
19. This is a very nice spatula . Well made and should last a long , long time . It 's the perfect shade of pink too !
20. choose this brand for the lower price . Seems well made but had to return . The handle is too heavy for what I use this item for . I replaced it with the Rubbermade brand .
21. Love these . Cute , pink , durable . Who could ask for more in their kitchen utensils ? ! I love them , and buy them as gifts .
22. This a go-to tool that gets used all the time , not just when I am cooking on Teflon . Plus the design is real sleek .
23. I melted my other spatulas . ( sad ) So I decided it was a great time to change my kitchen colors to pink . This works aesthetically and functionally .
24. I love these for everything . That they are smooth food doesn 't get stick on the seams . Handle is comfortable . Great for cooking with .
25. Stiff yet flexible ? How do they do that ? The edge of the blade tapers to a very fine wedge , like a knife blade . That gives two advantages . One is that it 's thin enough to conform to the surface , like a window squeegee would . The other is that it 's sharp enough to lift whatever you 're stirring.Now my favorite spatula !
26. This spatula handled well ; however , within a very short time , small chunks broke off of the silicone . I can 't think of anything I did that would cause this to happen . I would not recommend it .
27. This spatula comes highly rated from Cook 's Illustrated , and it 's easy to see why . It 's well-balanced , handleslike a professional utensil , and is versatile , performingall basic spatula functions equally well . Its modernlooks go far beyond appearances ; its silicone headis both heat- and stain-resistant , unlike old-fashionedspatulas . We are very impressed with the high quality anddefinitely recommend this spatula .
28. This was recommended by America 's Test Kitchen and I can see why . I ordered two and will probably buy more .
29. I LOVE THIS SPATULA IT HAS THE BEST QUALITY , I HAD NEVER BOUGHT AN ITEM LIKE THIS IS SO PRETTY IS A LITTLE BIT HEAVY BUT BECAUSE HAS STEEL HANDLE , I WILL LAST FOR EVER , I KNOW
30. I use spatulas as levers , sometimes to move heavy amounts of dough , etc , and also when I 'm doing something that requires fine control . This spatula is the heaviest I 've ever used - uncomfortably so . I 'm surprised that it receives such high ratings .
31. Very high quality nicely sized silicon spatula.Seems to be lasting well.I will probably buy more of Tovolo 's products .
32. This has become my go to cooking tool . It works great for string and scraping the sides of bowls and non-stick cookware . I went ahead and purchased two more after using the first for about a month so I always have one clean and available while cooking .
33. This is a solid and well made spatula . If the infamous store Spatula City from UHF was actually in existence , this would be their centerpiece display . I wouldn 't hesitate to order another , but I don 't think I 'll ever need to .
34. Best I have used in my kitchen.My new favorite tool for baking ..... or just about anything.Feels great in your hand .
35. These are the best spatulas--the silicone spatula part comes off the handle for easy cleaning , the handle is a nice weight and the entire thing is dishwasher safe . I have thrown out all my old spatulas with wooden handles ( which would easily rot and weren 't dishwasher safe ! ) and have fully converted to these .
36. Has a great heft to it . Also the two different curves on the silicone portion allow for scrapping almost all surfaces . Will be ordering another for my Mom .
37. This spatula has proven to be a terrific performer in many instances : sauce making , sauteing , stir frying , folding souffles and creating perfect omelets .
38. As noted in many other reviews , pieces of the blade break off and the blade separates from the handle . Tovolo makes a lot of silicon products . Not buying any of their brand anymore .
39. This is by far the best spatula I have . Great in the hand , wonderful shape for the mixing bowl . I will be getting a couple more as gifts for my children .
40. Like many others , the ends of my spatulas have chipped off , in less that a year 's time as I recall . I bought 3 of these so $ 30 is quite a waste for this junk . Horrible product .
41. When it comes to scraping wet contents from a bowl , this one can 't be beat . Nothing I 've tried comes close.A very small piece of the tip broke off after two years . I still use it , and bought three more.As info : I machine wash this almost always .
42. Great product . Handle looks very nice , and the silicone portion is a great size and perfect for scraping the bottom of the bowl .
43. I just have to echo other reviews regarding this spatula . I bought one and it soon started chipping away , disintegrating , within just a dozen or so uses . I do not recommend and , apparently , many others have had this problem so not unique .
44. shipped on time as specified , excellant tool , a bit pricey , but should last for years , i saw none better !
45. I love this spatula , not only because its the perfect color , " Purple " but because it works so well at stirring my boiling hot Peanut Brittle Candy.I liked it so well I bought this second one ! Great Price , Great Product , Perfect Color !
46. I bought this in pink because I wanted to have separate tools and utensils for my soap making versus food use . I was so glad to have purchased this one . It has a straight edge on one side and the other side is round to accommadate a wide varity of bowls , containers , etc . I am very pleased with my purchase !
47. Purchased to go along with the Silicone spoons in the Tovolo line and has quickly become my favorite Spatula . Will be getting at least one more in the future for sure .
48. Tovolo stainless silicone line is wonderful . Sleek , durable and the heads slide off for cleaning in the dishwasher . Great product .
49. I received this item as a gift , and while it looks very nice , the silicone chipped off and broke into food I was making on the 3rd or 4th use . Went and bought the Rubbermaid pro spatulas as a replacement , and while they are ugly , they are easily the best spatulas I 've ever used .
50. I would have preferred a more rigid spatula material . Other than that , the handle is nice and ergonomic and the shape of the spatula is really good for many functions .
51. I am a culinary student and bought this to be different for the kit that everyone has and looks the same . Worked good for a week , then chipped and dropped pieces into a pan of chorizo . AND if you leave it anywhere near a stove , the metal handle gets hot ! ! ! Stick to good old plastic or wood
52. Easy to grip and long handle made it easy to get to the bottom of deep bowls . Had no problems using it with high temperatures either , plus cleaned up well in the dishwasher .
53. Although this was recommended by Cook 's Illustrated , the durability of this product is terrible . I was making rice crispy treats and the thin edges of this spatula broke off into the food ; had to throw this away after 1 use .
54. I love the straight side of the spatula for pans with straight sides . The weight is nice as is the size . Easy to use .
55. This spatula was great until chunks started falling off into the pot . I only hand washed this and used it for stirring food but after 6 months it is in pieces . Chunks came off and also major " rips " in the silicone appeared rending it useless . It is now in the trash .
56. I agree with another reviewer who mentioned this scraper chipping . I have used it only a very few times , but already there are several small pieces missing from the edge . Had very high hopes for this , and it is nice in several ways : long handle , great shape ; but the chipping is simple unacceptable .
57. I liked it so much , this is my second one . Great for high heat mixing and cleans up very easily .
58. Solid construction . Nearly indestructible silicone head . Perfect shaping . Great balance . Need I say more ? This is the best spatula I have ever used , and I use it almost as much as my favorite knife ( a Henckel Santoku knife ) . It is wonderful for everything from stirring to stir frying , and whatever else you could use it for !
59. I bought this after reading Cook 's Illustrated review . I 'm glad I took their advice . I 'm fully satisfied . It ' very flexible , highly hear resistant . It scrapes effectively . Excellent product at a great price .
60. shape makes it easy to scrape all shapes and sizes of bowls. durable long handle is great and easy to manage .
61. Why did you choose this rating ? Because the product is very good , it has a good silicone.I recommend for cook .
62. I subscribe to Cook 's Illustrated which reviewed spatulas in a recent issue and gave this high marks . I bought it and agree that it is the best . Handle is comfortable and blade well shaped and just stiff enough .
63. I really like this spatula , and it is the third one like it I have bought . Great shape and size , and so easy to throw in the dishwasher , unlike spatulas with wooden handles . Also , a great value .
64. I ordered two of these spatulas as they received very positive reviews by Cook 's Illustrated . Both have ultimately disappointed as pieces of the tips broke off while mixing food . I would never buy these products again .
65. Fantastic product . Not only does it scrape sides very well but it 's sturdy enough to use for stirring . Worked wonderfully when I made fudge .
66. I purchased this item based on " America 's Test Kitchen " recommendation . With the first use , the silicon on the tip of the spoon chipped and it has been chipping since . Considering the silicon can 't withstand sauteing onions , this product has poor quality . Fishing for silicon pieces in your food is no fun !
67. I have had two of these spatulas for under a year and have been disappointed to see the silicon has developed several large chips along the edges . Not good ! Would I buy it again ? No !
68. Beautiful ! Finally ! A pretty silicone spatula ! Blends in nicely with my All Clad utensils . Nice product .
69. This spatula has the perfect balance of springiness in the tip and sturdiness in the handle . Best spatula I own .
70. I have used a classmates Spatula of this brand in my culinary school which made me get it . Unlike most spatulas this one is smooth and does not get grippy in the pan . The High temp silicone coating on it is excellent , as most spatulas will discolor or slightly burn , this one remains its original color as it was first opened
71. I am a big fan of American Test Kitchen . So I bought all their recommended items , especially if they are cheap and useful . This is one of them . With this , you can do so much on any dough / pancake batter . Best of all , you will make NO waste because it scrapes every drop
72. I like the feel and weight of this item , it is dishwasher safe , and I like the different edges on each side . However , I feel it 's a tiny bit stiff and makes cleaning the bowl of batter a bit more challenging .