1. I have knee pain when exercising or dealing with a lot of hills . This tape reduces the pain , if not completely eliminates it , and it stays on for days ! Nice and discreet under pants and much more convenient over a knee brace ! So thankful I found this !
2. This is a terrific product ... it is worth trying ... I recommended it to a couple of friends and they loved it too .
3. Sticks very well , as well as Rocktape for water sports . However , felt the elastic stretch is less than rock tape and others , so you couldn 't vary the stretch 50 % or full stretch accurately . 4.5 stars
4. I love this tape and have battled through several injuries with the help of the stabilizing tape ! It is the best !
5. Love this tape , it helps so much . Used for a tennis elbow and rotator cuff injury and it is amazing . Stays on for days , even through showering .
6. tape stays on well with running , great product ! I would recommend this for athletes , stay on MUCH better than KT or kinesiotape , not for thin skin elderly but great for athletes .
7. Great tape , but it doesn 't stick for that long . I had to buy spray adhesive for my skin for this to stick longer and it worked great ! Other than that it does what it says !
8. use the tape up and down my spine , helps when I have to stand up and play guitar , or work around the house , does not smell. stays on until you take it off .
9. not sure if i can say it helps alot .. but i think it does its job of staying on really well
10. Felt an imediate difference when the tape was applied gave me the added support that I neede due to over exertion , easy to apply with one hand stuck well even upto 5 days after exercise and showers . Some other tapes I tried started peeling off within an hour , this tape stayed in place until I was ready to take it off
11. I 've been using KT Tape but find this to be far superior . Stayed on for days and removed without skin irritation . I was having problems getting KT tape to stay on for even 48 hours , no problems with the Strength Tape .
12. I use this to help with plantar fasciitis . Pre-cut lengths very helpful . Not sure how this tape differs ( if al all ) from similar products , but it does the job for me .
13. bought this for taping my plantar fasciitis . I like it and my foot feels good when taped. watched a you tube video for taping instructions .
14. I like the pre-cut and the picture instructions that came with it and I like the quality of it. thank you
15. This is really strong tape it held some magnets on my mom 's arm for her rotary cuff issues for 3 days and I felt it was helping to heal her as well .
16. Where are the black tapes they are putting over the regular ones and what are they for ? Thank you very much .
17. highly recommend ... It gave my shoulder more movement without pain ... It worked for a couple of my friends also . Worth trying
18. In my estimation this is the best kinesio tape in the market today . It adheres well through tough workouts , it supports well , and it gives you that extra little bit of energy . Great product !