1. Excellent product for the price , Wonderful HD quality . The only part I dislike is the battery life is short so make sure you have replacements at hand . Very easy to use .
2. The screen fits perfectly on the screen and I 've done under water filming and it 's still attached to it I 'm amazed .
3. I use for my girl 's gymnastics and the camera works perfectly for stills and video . The play back is great . This is a perfect camera to have fun with .
4. This screen protector is custom cut to fit the Kodak ZX3 perfectly . It seems to be very good quality . The package includes two protectors .
5. Recibí el producto en buenas condiciones , y la calidad del mismo es optima.su adherencia a la pantalla de la cámara fue correcta
6. Grerat Price but they are just a tad to big . The edges pull up due to it being to big .
7. these fit perfect. buy it. use it. love it. you will have an extra one. it does not leave a sticky mess.so it can be replaced very easy .
8. The most ridiculousness of this product is the order to peel the membrane off is actually just the opposite to the order it indicates . I screwed up my first one because of this . Also , it is hard to get ride of the bubbles on the edge . It is probably because the surface of screen is not even .
9. I installed the sheid immediately upon unpacking my camera . It has been over a year , and to be honest ... I forgot I had it installed . No bubbles . Clear viewing . No scratches . No detachment due to use , and it has been in and out of a slide-in cell phone case many , many times . Good product .
10. This product matches its description well : easy to apply , a perfect fit , basically worry free . I am more than satisfied with this purchase .
11. Got these in a regular envelope from the seller. it 's almost a perfect fit for my Kodak Playsport screen . Nothing to complain about .
12. The premium clear LCD screen Protector is a perfect product designed to protect my Kodak Playsport ZX3 Video camera . Read and follow the instructions carefully and one will obtain great results .
13. Exact fit makes screen easy to apply . Worth the added protection for your camera 's viewing screen from scratches etc . View is crystal clear . A small price to pay for added peace of mind when using these rugged little cameras .
14. i purchase this camera to go to cuzco peru , it is the best ... i dont understand the bad reviews ... this camera was the best under rain , water , etc .... : )
15. A great value for the money . It fit perfectly and installed easily.Getting 2 of them for this price is a bonus . Shipping from this sellerwas fast as well . Don 't waste your money on a more expensive name brandprotector when this does the job perfectly .
16. Has little and or no value. the camera already comes with a vinyl cover . This is not what I expected as a camera protector. very disappointed !
17. Very nice fit for the camera .... The cover works very well and is not noticeable . Camera is hard to hold still enough ...... image stabilization not that great . Videos good on large screen . File size is very big on even short videos at all settings ... need to have conversion program to MP4 to send email.Happy with the product for the price .
18. This screen protector was just as described by Amazon , it fit perfectly and went on easy . The vendor also sent two as described on site . It came very quickly also . Thank you
19. Didn 't have to use it . I only use the one it came with at this time I don 't know if I receive it
20. One of the best and most economical purchases I have ever made . Video camera is as small as most phones and takes incredible video . Perfect for any occasion , very convenient and easy to use . Also it is incredibly easy to upload to computer , Facebook , etc .
21. I have had no issues with this protector.Only wished I had purchased it at the same time I bought the playsport , cause my screen contracted some scratches rather quickly .
22. Bought this as a gift for my son and he loves it . He takes it with him to alot of places . It 's the size of his cell phone so he can carry it in his pocket and catch alot of interesting shots .
23. This item arrived quickly , within a week to Canada . Item was easy to place on the screen and fit was excellent . However , the reason it was purchased was that it is difficult to see what you are recording when out in the sun and this screen did little if nothing to help that problem .
24. if im being honest i never used this. i bought the playsport camera and the screen protector as a gift for my sister and her family. she had no problems putting the screen protector on and despite being handled by a 2 / 3 year old a lot its holding up fine ! ! buy it ! ! !
25. Si buscan una camara de video en alta definicion y que tenga un precio accesible no duden , es la mejor de su clase .
26. Am having so much fun with the new Playsport ZX3 . It is easy to use , & find in my purse . Great product & a quick delivery .
27. This Camera works well and takes a execelent picture , however it does have a flash . I you plan to use it at night , buy a more suitable camera you may be dissapointed , but for daytime use , action shots general purpose shots , sports or daytime video it works well .