1. I wanted something cute to carry my laptop around in . My laptop is huge so I was afraid it wouldn 't fit , but it fits like a glove . Its also soft and has a little cushion to it . It is much prettier then the ugly black one I use to carry around .
2. It 's perfect for me . My 17.3 laptop fits perfect and there 's a big front zippered pouch for my mouse and charger they fit in nicely plus plenty of room for other things you might have . Also like that its not heavy or bulky .
3. No substantial protection for your laptop . The graphics make the product appear cheap . You really do get what you pay for with this product . Not for professionals
4. I bought this laptop case for my daughter 's birthday and it came very quickly . It was just what I had wanted for her and she loved it. it 's a great buy !
5. My 17.3 note book fits like it was made for it . Great quality . Beautiful design . I could not be happier .
6. This bag is light , has a great look and fits my 17 " laptop well . I constantly get complements on it !
7. Excellent product , prompt shipping , colors much brighter and prettier than pictured online . Website did say my computer wouldn 't fit in this sleeve , but I trusted another reviewer and it fits great . Love how it is stretchy so I can put my cord and mouse in the outer pocket . Lots of room and pockets , really makes it very functional .
8. Fits my 17 " Toshiba laptop perfectly and there is just enough room in the pocket for the cords & mouse . The pattern is exactly as pictured . I am very pleased and would definitely recommend this product .
9. This keeps my laptop safe and secure next to my recliner when not in use . It is a very attractive design and fits my larger laptop which most of the bags I looked at did not ... they seem more geared towards smaller computers . This one is perfect and even roomy so I can store the cords , mouse , etc . Love it .
10. Very nice bag . Attractive and functional . It doesn 't have a lot of storage , but plenty of room for your mouse and power cords ,
11. Purchased for my 15.6 laptop .. like the extra room ... love it ! ! ! .... 11 more words required .. which is weird .. and I 'll continue to write until the minimum is reachd
12. Exactly as described ... exactly what I wanted .... yes it has a little smell but that 's to be expected in something new- after only one day its already aired out . You wont be disappointed ! ! Perfect
13. It is exactly what I expected . It will serve it 's purpose well . Colors are vibrant and the bag is perfect size .
14. I do like the quality , but am puzzled by the lack of inside pockets it shows on Amazon . Will keep it , but really would have liked it to have those pockets .
15. This is an excellent computer bag , light , colorful and it stretches to hold a few things . It works for travel if you don 't have to carry extra books , etc .
16. great , stylish , lightweight. fits 16 " laptop with enough room for cord and mouse . I get a lot of compliments . recommend .
17. I LOVE , LOVE , THIS BAG ! MY LAPTOP IS 17.3 AND IT FITS PERFECT . AND IT 'S SUCH BEAUTIFUL COLORS !
18. It 's difficult to find a sleeve that fits a 17 " laptop that isn 't just a plain black case . This one is perfect . Everything fits , and the colors are much richer in person than in the photo . And so far , it 's held up to the rough treatment it gets from me .