1. The picture looks better than the actual product . If you really want a very nice one , then its worth the extra money .
2. This statuette is Perfect for a desk top in a legal office . Great quality & craftsmanship . An excellent bargain for the price .
3. Intact , no breaks , fast arrival , beautiful , very satisfied . Satisfied customer and gift for daughter.Would order again for any law professional .
4. It was a gift for a newly graduating attorney . She loved it and plans to display it in her new office .
5. the piece did not include everything that it should have included according to the picture. it does not come with the scales on chains that hang from the piece Lady Justice is holding
6. This statue looks pretty good . However , the balancing arm is plastic so be careful . It breaks easy ; take it from me . Luckily I only broke the hook holder and was able to drill another small hole . The rest of the statue " feels " like it is metal , but I 'm not going to take sandpaper to it to find out .
7. I 'm glad you inquired how to I return this item . ' I lost the receipt and it is damaged.It was a christmas gift so the person I gave it to has not been able to enjoy it.Please respond as soon as possible.Thank You
8. I was very happy this product . It doesn 't feel cheap at all ... I was worried about that when I ordered it . It looks great on top of my desk ! If you are looking for a gift for a friend or something for yourself. this would be great .
9. Super-fast shipping.Item exactly as pictured and described.I bought it as a gift for a friend 's Daughter who just passed the state bar exam.She LOVED IT.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
10. She is beautiful , perfect addition to my office , I highly recommend this Lady ! I get complements on Lady Justice all of the time .
11. A most exquisite Statuette ! She ( Lady Justice ) exceededall expectations - her craftsman too , a true perfectionist ! What joy , what beautiful vibrations - what splendor sheexudes from her new empire over which she nowreigns - supreme !
12. My Lady of Justice that I ordered for my husband 's ( lawyer ) birthday arrived promptly on time and he loved it ! The statue was in great condition and it was wrapped and mailed appropriately .
13. This was so beautiful . It will look very nice on a desk or bookshelf in an office.i would recommend this statue .
14. Bought this as a gift for my daughter , who is a lawyer , and she liked it very much . It came completely intact and it is very detailed in it 's design . Thanks !
15. It was a gift to a friend who became a judge . She has it in her office and told me it reminds her of her responsibility in the new position .
16. Larger than most other Lady Justicas that I saw . More majestic looking . Great detail and expensive look.Great quality and delivered incredibly fast ( 1 1 / 2 business days ) .This is a great gift for those who watch court shows , crime shows and those who believe that the law will ultimately prevail ... like police and prosecutors .
17. The worksmanship and quality of the statue is first class . I am more than pleased with this . As the second one in my newly started collection ( I received the Thinking Man from my daughters at Christmas ) , i will be sure to continue to add to this over time .
18. This was an anniversary gift for my attorney husband . He loves it and has given it a special place where it can be seen .