1. Really comfortable . This is exactly what I was expecting . Love the color , material and design ... I really love it ! ! !
2. I ordered this top in nigori and dark red in a size medium ( I 'm 5 ' 5 " , 130 lbs ) and was happy that this top is comfy and very cute . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
3. I like to look and feel of this shirt . It runs a little large so it is baggier than I prefer but I think once it is washed it might shrink up a bit so I will keep it .
4. This is a nice top and I bought in black and blue ! It 's a lighter material and classy looking ! Love it ! It does split down a bit lower than I prefer .. But nothing that a mini safety pin can 't fix : )
5. Fit is great , material is nice , well made , cute style , . I can 't think of anything bad to say about this top ! I usually wear a small or medium and ordered the medium . Great !
6. I really liked this top when I first tried it on but soon noticed there is a small hole in the arm . : ( I am a sewer so I was able to fix it without being too noticeable . I just expected a lot more from lucky brand as their pants are amazing quality .
7. This blouse fit but didn 't feel right . The V neck was too low for me . It was very thin . I guess that is the trend today . I returned it . I kept one Lucky Brand blouse but I 'm not sure i will purchase many more .
8. I love love love This shirt bought two , both fit and look good .. simple but an upscale t-shirt NICE ! Im looking to buy more !
9. Great comfortable shirt . The sleeves are a little weird though , longer than the 3 / 4 I expected but a little short for regular long sleeves . But it 's not really an issue for me . I like the overall fit and the color and the 100 % cotton material .
10. Wonderful every day shirt . Quality is good for price , fit is very flattering . Liked it so much I purchased in 2 colors !
11. Very light blouseBut I was surprised by the wide measured , which is a little longWhen linked them to the side become greatبلوزة خفيفة للغايةولكن تفاجأت بقياسها الواسع ، وهي طويلة قليلاعندما ربطتها من الجنب أصبحت رائعة
12. The design is nice and should work on many body shapes . The problem is that the fabric is so thin the top doesn 't hang well and it 's hard to iron to a nice finish . It is probably light enough for very hot days . I kept it for cleaning around the house .
13. It looked good when arrived but fit a bit large . But after I washed it became a piece of rag and looked like it was worn for years ! The color faded too , I won 't wear it again .
14. Great shirt , fits just right , keep in mind it 's a thin fabric , not for winter , or should be used for layering .
15. So far , I 've only tried this on before washing , but found it to be the accurately sized and a keeper . It 's lightweight , so a bit light for the upper mid-west winters of course , but I think the color and fit is great , and this is a nice casual shirt that I look forward to wearing .
16. I purchased this item and have been very disappointed . The fabric seems to grow ! It stretches with each washing and wearing .
17. The softest material , very comfortable.Also very long in the front.Love this shirtI would recommend this shirt to everyone who loves this style
18. I was a little disappointed at the thinness of the two shirts I ordered , definitely need a camisole underneath ! After I machine washed and dried , they shrunk to a medium fit and were quite wrinkly ! They are fine for wearing around the house . The colors , Ocean Depths and Dark Red were darker , duller than shown .