1. So far it has lived up to its ' claims of suction power . The pet hair disapears with the vacuums attachment .
2. found it hard to assemble.ne part still does not fit right.Have a bungee cord holding it.Vac still works great honestly
3. Last Eureka bag style lasted 7 + years , when it died I felt like Eureka earned a repeat customer based on the use we got out of the original . Wish the dirt tub was a bit larger , or my dogs shed less , but overall I like this a lot . Great upgrade from the old tired one .
4. Did my homework on the product and learned it was rated number 2 . Had it shipped to my daughter who has a cat and she is a happy camper . Very satisfied .
5. Had to take it in for repairs within 3 months of purchase . Luckily it has a 3 year warranty . Aside from concerns about durability , it does suck- I mean it is effective at what it is supposed to do .
6. I bought this vacuum because of it 's reviews and a recommendation from a co-worker . Well worth it . It picks up all of my lab 's hair . I use it on my blankets , sofa and my hardwood floor !
7. We had a dyson that was not doing a good job . We bought this vacuum and it blows the dyson away . We first vacuumed our hardwood floors with the dyson and followed with the eureka . The eureka picked up the dirt that the dyson didn 't .
8. I thought that a piece of fabric caught in the roller had caused the belt to stretch and stop the roller from spinning . No such luck . There is a piece broken inside that connects the roller brush belt to the motor . No fixing it . Boo !
9. Was a little skeptical of the Eureka brand at first , but am glad we took the chance . Awesome performer , especially with pet hair . Great suction from both the tools and floor setting . And not heavy at all , at least by my standards . Recommend !
10. I love this vacuum , it picks up tons of dust and cat and dog hair . My favorite part is the pet little vacuum you put on the end of the hose , that sucks all the hair right off my black labs bed . The price of this vacuum is reasonable .
11. Purchased this vacuum new from Sears . This vacuum is no different than the $ 40 refurbished vacuum I 'm trying to get rid of . Suction is not good . Returning ASAP.Giving it two-stars based on retractable cord . If not , it would be 0 stars .
12. I would highly recommend this product . Easy setup . With having two dogs we had to upgrade vacuums . This sucked up all the dog hair right away . The attachments work awesome as well . Very easy to empty when full .
13. I purchased this vacuum to replace an old Dirt Devil , the new vacuum works excellent , has a lot of power . But it is a little have would be better if it was self propelled .
14. We have used different vacuums to help rid our home of pet hair . We have one large Sheltie and a Australian Shepherd . No other vacuum has done as well as this one . Great vacuum
15. This is the strongest and most quiet vacuum my wife has ever had . She revacuumed the living room rug after her old one and this thing sucked up a bunch of dirt .
16. So , just used it a few times and it does a great job at getting all the dirt out of the carpet and upholstery . Looks good , runs good , will update this if it gives any problems .
17. I won 't write paragraph and few words will tell all . Suction : picks up my area rug away from carpet , lifts it up , that how strong it is . With that being said dirt has no chance staying in . Way better than my expectations were .
18. I have had this vacuum for almost four months and the brush no longer spins . I thought it might be because hair or string got caught and wrapped around the roller but nothing . I am very disappointed in this product and am investigating my return option .
19. This vacuum does a really good job picking up dust , dirt , debris , and pet hair . I would definitely recommend it .
20. I have three if these vacuumes ( upstairs , downstairs & vacation home ) because they are that good ! Lots of suction ( we have pets ) , light weight , easy to clean dust compartment .
21. just consumes dog hair , its super strong because of its separation and closed system of suction between the tools and the roller
22. I have only used my new unit about 6 times now and the retractable cord doesn 't work anymore.The pet attachment constantly falls off . It sits on a small ledge with a magnet . I had to put a velcro strap around it.The vacuum itself is pretty good , but the two complaints above make me unhappy.Do not believe I will purchase another .
23. Love it ! Switching from Dyson pet version . We have seen only improvement . Suction seems better , retractable cord works well , easy to maneuver . Thanks for a great value !
24. Seem to have same issue as everyone else ... on third use the roller brush stopped spinning . Opened up vacuum and found that a TINY piece of plastic connects roller brush belt to motor had broken . Buy a different vacuum , trust me .
25. I bought this at the end of December of 2013 . It worked fine not great so I threw away the box . This weekend it broke . We spend several hours taking it apart trying to fix to find out the part is stripped and can not be fixed . DO NOT buy this vacuum .
26. It did not turn on . The part that holds the bottom of the hose would not stay clamped on . The hose rewinder did not work . It was missing one attachment tube .
27. Very pleased with the Eureka Suction Seal Pet Vacuum . Have two Labs that lay around on carpeted floor , does a great job on the dog hair . One thing I really love it cleans right to the edge of the baseboards . Little hand vacuum attachment works great on their beds and hard to reach areas .
28. Used this vacuum around 4 times and the belt broke . It is hard to empty . Plastic breaks . Now it won 't even pick up anything . It runs but wont suction . I have cleaned it out repeatedly and it still is not picking anything up . Terrible vacuum . Waste a lot of money . If I could give a negative number , I would .
29. this thing sucks ! ! ! it pulled up so much more than the vacuum it replaced.reminded me of the door to door salesman tests they do
30. I have a dog that sheds like it 's his job and this vacuum works like a dream . The only draw back is that it is pretty heavy .
31. Worst vacuum ever . Beware . The mechanism on the side panel that controls the functionality of the belts fails . I ordered this vacuum and it broke within a week . Amazon replaced it , but it broke again just outside of the 30 return policy . So now I have an expensive vacuum that doesn 't work . YAY !
32. Do not purchase this vacuum . There is a defective pulley and although they will update the pulley , the time and frustration it will cost you is not worth it . And in the meantime , you don 't have a vacuum .
33. Not very happy . Purchased right after Christmas ( used Amazon gift card from Mom ) . Today is 4 / 2 / 14 and it died . It worked great but , just a hair over 3 months and it broke . NOT good at all . Find something else ! ! ! !
34. I had to take it apart and wash the filter before family came , that is all I wish I had two filters , Other than that very happy !
35. Picks up more than my Dyson ( as advertised ) . Hands off functions such as foot pedals for on / off , roller brush , & handle lock save back from repetitive bending over . Convenient tool storage & usage makes going from floors to crevices easy . And , my favorite-fast , retractable cord !
36. I received this vacuum after checking out many many reviews including Dyson , in September . I am very happy with the Eureka . We have three hairy dogs & this has made my life much less hairy . : )
37. Price was a factor on this purchase . I enjoy using this vac because it cleans great . Everything is as promised .
38. had it only weeks , part that turns the brush or beater bar broke , thought it was the belt , removed the cover thinking it was the belt , it was not , it was broke. cheaply made , do not buy thi vacuum .
39. As the box says half price of dyson , yet more machine , I don 't know about the latter part , but I have a shepard and she sheds a lot and this thing I swear sucks the dirt and hairs from under the rug .
40. This product is HORRIBLE . I used it THREE times and it broke ! Unreal ! I was either sold a faulty machine or this brand just simply is very very poor quality . Do NOT buy !
41. I ordered this when our Bissell Pet vacuum died . This Eureka is fabulous - it immediately pulled up dirt and hair that the Bissell had left behind . My carpets and furniture look great , thanks to this vacuum , and that 's saying a lot considering we have 6 cats and 7 dog 's which all live indoors .
42. Was really powerful Vacuum never used . Can clean our carpet without a lot of effort.Include my son like to use .
43. Does a nice job on the steps . We have 2 cats and a dog and we have no complaints with this vacuum
44. The beater bar quit working the first time I used it . Now I have to try to get a replacement / refund . Junk !
45. I have a golden retriever who obviously sheds a lot . This vacuum works very well for the price . It is a little heavy and cumbersome but does the job !
46. This is the second time I had this sweeper replaced . The same thing keeps happening the brushes quit rolling . So I tear it apart to look at the belts and their fine . They usually break within 30 days of me using the cheap thing . Do not buy or you 'll be replacing it all the time.aaaaaahhhhhh : - (
47. I like this product it works great for us as we have 2 dogs that shed like mad . My only complaint is that its very fiddly to empty the canister and takes longer that I would like .
48. This item arrived quite fast , and it was very easy to put together . I love how well it works , I have a cat and he sheds a lot . This vacuum picks up the hair pretty good . Very good business with this vendor . I am happy with the service and product .
49. it has fallen apart each time I have used it-- the handle and attachments fall off and will not go back together . It did well while it held together , but the parts and handle always fallng off was most agravating .
50. this vacuum works great was easy to assemble i am really satisfied with it and would recommend to anybody who needs a vacuum
51. It 's a nice vacuum but the pet hair gets stuck up around the filter and you have to dig it out with a long , sharp object and it falls all over your clean rug or the kitchen floor and the vacuum itself , a MESS to clean up after !
52. I just received this vacuum this week . It worked fantastic at getting the cat hair out of the carpet . I did a lot of research and this vacuum seemed to be ranked high , and much cheaper than other well known brands . Super easy to put together also . I will have to review it again once I have had it a little longer .
53. A must have . Perfect set up for having a pet in your home . It does great on the hardwood floors and the roller brush stops spinning when you leave it in a upright postion . It even has a roller shut off for when you use the hose for the pet brush attachment . You wont be disappointed !
54. This vacuum does exactly what it states ! ! ! ! ! love it , I have a German shepherd who sheds like crazy & this vacuum sucks up his hair with no problem ! ! ! Best vac we 've ever owned ! ! !
55. eureka is one of my favorite brands because it picks up without leaving lines. it is also to easy to clean WHEN A PROBLEM OCCURS
56. I loved this vacuum at first until a Lego piece got sucked in and jammed the spinning brush and broke it after only a couple of months . Can 't completely blame the vacuum since it did suck up a plastic piece but I am definitely bummed that 's all it took to break the brush .
57. Easy to use and makes my carpets look beautiful ! ! I have a toddler who loves to throw her food so we use the vacuum several times a day sometimes . It works great and never leaves anything behind . Can not beat the price either !
58. yes I honestly believe this vacuum works better than the Dyson. best vacuum cleaner I have ever used its amazing how much stuff it pulled out of my carpet
59. I have had this vacuum for a few months now ( at least 6 ) . I continues to work really well . I love that the dirt canister comes apart and can be washed . Strong vacuum . Even though it says it never loses suction , I still find it works the best if I empty the canister often .
60. Well I knew Id have to treat this plastic fantastic with care . First day I pulled the cord out too far and it won 't rewind , next run the accessory storage fell off . 2 times and I threwitinabox . I do live the bagless idea . And I does agood job of getting up my Maine Coon cats long hair upup in this heat .
61. 3weeks and secondary drive gear is stripped on the drive shaft , , piece of plastic crap , , oh they will fix it free if I want to make a round trip 50 miles 2 times ..
62. I was very cautious when buying this vacuum because I 've had lots of problems with cheap Eureka vacuums . But this vacuum amazed me it picks up anything and everything , very easy to use and not cheaply made at all . And it is very very powerful the brush spins at such a high rate it easily goes through think rugs without always adjusting the height .
63. I 've had this thing for under a month and the brush quit spinning ... The low quality on this product was clear when I was unpacking it - it is obviously a cheap piece of crap