1. I don 't like plastic product , no matter how it works . That 's my personal opinion . But the product looks nice , and I have returned it becasue I don 't like the material .
2. THIS PRODUCT DID NOT EVEN START TO STEAM ! I WANTED TO RETURN IT THE SECOND I LEARNED IT 'S DEFECTIVE ... BUT I HAD TO WAIT FOR THE NEXT DAY . ; O ( WASTE OF TIME .
3. Does all it advertises and more have been using almost everyday and I really like to cook my meals with it , steaming chicken , broccoli and potatoes as I am writing this . Wish I had one years ago .
4. i HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL STEAMERS AND THIS ONE IS CHEAPLY BUILT AND THE POWER BUTTON STUCK AND THEN BROKE AFTER JUST A FEW USES
5. the steamer is great ! ! it arrived on time and is very useful ! ! My daughter moved to seattle so the seafood is great with this unit ! !
6. Buttons are flimsy , and become easily stuck , as they are not a good fit with the housing . Got about 4 or 5 decent steams out of this before it became completely unusable . It 's almost criminal to sell something so poorly made .
7. It looks fancy in the picture . The panel is actually hard to read . The steam penetrates through the panel and thus make it blurry and leaks / steams out . It has an unstable base . Bought three . Opened one . Returned three .
8. Worst steamer ever ! Does not turn on when plugged in . Actual size is WAY WAY smaller Oster 6.5 Quart . The lid is terribly design . Please don 't buy it ! !
9. Deni 7600 3-Tier 9-1 / 2-Quart Stainless-Steel Digital Food Steamer Works great ! From vegetables to fish and chicken , they all come out perfect !
10. Bought it for my 94 year old mom , she loves it , we use it all the time.Tracie Bobb , Philadelphia , Pa .
11. I was not a good steamer I used it one time and shipped it back the buttons would stick on it and you could not adjust the time on it .
12. I have used the steamer just a couple of times . I like it and it is what it is . If it is something that only lasts a short time I will still have my money 's worth .
13. I thought i would love this steamer to replace one i had that was on its way out . It looks great but it is a little small . The product came in no time and the dealer was great ! Its just the product itself wasn 't as good as i had hoped !
14. There is nothing better than steamed vegetables . I do not like cooked carrots , but steamed - they taste just like raw carrots ( which I love ) ! I use it all the time and am thinking about purchasing another one for a gift .
15. I really like the look of this product , however , it does not program well . The indicator light does not work all the time and neither does the timer . Once I get it to start steaming , I use my own timer . It does steam food well .
16. Worked great for a couple of months , but then the display stopped working , the buttons wouldn 't do anything , effectively making the steamer useless .
17. I had first purchased a steamer for a friend as a wedding gift ; she loved it . I later purchased one for our home and just love using it . Vegetables retain their flavors much better when they are steamed and not boiled . I love my steamer so I have also purchased 2 more steamers for Christmas gifts ! !
18. I 've had two of these . Neither one lasted more than a few months . The first one would power up , but after a few uses , the controls stopped working . I exchanged that one for a new one , which wouldn 't even turn on after a few uses . If you can find one that is mechanically sound , it works really well .
19. Used it to make dumplings ( meat inside wrapped with wonton wrap ) came out awesome . The meat was nicely cooked and even the wonton wrap.The steam disburment was just perfect . Overall A + product .
20. I bought this steamer for my wife and she loves it . We have cooked about 4 meals on it and this is great tasting food and the best thing is we are eating very healthy now .
21. It looks very nice and that is the reason I got it . If you are going to use it daily it is going to quit working after about 30 or so days . I had 2 of these doing the same thing !
22. On / off button got stuck after 1st use and I 've never used it again . Too lazy to go through the hassle of returning it because it was very cheap so I just wrote it off as a loss . Can 't comment on customer service because I didn 't use it . Not happy about this product though .
23. The steamer worked great for about 2 months after we bought it . Then the display got messed up , and the buttons don 't depress properly . I would suggest going for another brand , this was just unacceptable build quality .
24. I love it my corn on the cob , carrots and broccoli tastes so fresh , my cousin purchase a steamer and I purchase a Deni and it work for me love to steam .. my cousin never used hers .
25. I tried this steamer to steam with 3 tiers , steam can not reach 3rd tier , and when 2nd tier cooked well , 1st tier was over steamed . Design is bad too . Steam comes out from exterior water inlets on both sides of base and make the above handles moist and hot . Rice bowl was made from black plastic , bad quality .
26. First a portion of the clock display stopped being visible , then the timer became completely unreliable . Unit would turn itself on if left plugged in .
27. Liked this product while it was working , but the on / off button failed before 1 year.The jury is still out on whether the manufacturer will replace / repair.I don 't wish to pay for return shipping.I liked the large capacity , which is the reason purchased.The control buttons were funky from the beginning .
28. Purchased one for my daughter for a gift , she is always saying how much she is enjoying it , so I purchased one for myself.I use my steamer almost every day . Easy to use and clean up . I can cook quick and healthy !
29. I followed the instructions to set the clock and turn it on . The clock set , but would not turn on . I was a little leery of getting this steamer , after reading other comments about the controlls not working , should have heeded their advice .
30. I haven 't even used this steamer because the tiers and lid don 't seem to fit properly . I will be returning it .
31. It stopped working in the middle of steaming Veg 's . The company didn 't answer my Emails It Is about 2 yrs. old used 8 times First the view window went out Now nothing works To bad so sad Jw
32. It is what my Husband needs at work where he goes for several days . He is on a Heart Healthy Diet . He can cook up to three vegetables and have dinner in a short time . He really likes the Steamer .
33. upon receiving the box , i was somewhat disappointed : it seems fragile. bewildered by its function , we cooked our traditional " manta " , the traditional central asian food . It 's fantastic ! ! ! Nothing wrong ! ! ! it works perfect for steam foods ! Very easy to use . Strongly recommend for families with steam food preference .
34. Great product.Works perfectly.A lots of space to cook for a family of 4 / 5.I highly recommend this product .
35. Deni 7600 3-Tier 9-1 / 2-Quart Stainless-Steel Digital Food Steamer4 / 22 / 12Before considering any FOOD STEAMER I want to have a certification from a independent testing laboratory in the United States that certifies . " There is no lead in the stainless steel.There is no Biphenyl A ( BPA ) in the plastic parts " .Robert Flynn Orange County CA
36. the steamer doesnt shut off automatically , so the base will get dry and the plastic covered heating element will melt . The bowl for steaming rice etc is so small it is a joke . Honestly i dont know why this product is on the market but i does tell to avoid Deni products .
37. havent used it yet . have one and bought this for a reserve. like old one . hope like this one
38. I love my steamer . Easy to put together , easy to use , easy to clean . Food taste great . Can cook an entire meal in 20 minutes. going to get another for my RV ! Also a healthy way to cook you food .
39. This steamer is not durable . I only use it for less than 5 times before it is broken . Never buy this brand again .
40. I bought this steamer and took it out to use it today and noticed that the on / off button on the right hand side is set in more than the program button on the left. almost making it feel broken. is anyone else 's product have this ? ! just trying to figure out if i need to exchange it for a new one.Thanks !
41. The product is the best ever ! ! Cuts my cooking time in half plus not extra pots and pans .. Very happy and even thinking about buy one more just in case ...
42. Steamer doesn 't work ! Buttons began to sink from the start . After 4 months all of them were broken . Not reliable appliance ! Not at all ! Guarantee doesn 't work , and I couldn 't return appliance ! ! Web-site deni doesn 't work . Even though on warranty they gave the address where send non-working appliances , they 've refused my package .
43. Not very durable . Worked good at first , but then it quit after some regular use . Buy a silicone steamer for a pot , and save your money .
44. i love this steamer . The size is great , i can cook with ease . Very easy to clean and no sweat in operating
45. We already have a Deni steamer so a friend liked it so we bought one for her , would like to find a metal one though as we are not sure how long the plastic trays will last . Great item for the kitchen saves energy .