1. I opened this and it was quite a surprise to find such nice quality at such a low price . The material has a nice feel to it and I 'm very pleased with the way it washed and came out looking just fine . Definitely recommend !
2. I 'm 5 ' 9 and the skirt was way too short and fit pretty small for being an extra large . Pretty disappointed .
3. Great color at a great price . It 's polyester ; but , it has a nice flow . Overall happy with this long skirt .
4. Thank goodness for 2 day shipping an the abundance of available colors in this skirt . With a green top , it made a great toned-down Poison Ivy costume .
5. It was just too cheap looking and the pleats were not in well ... Looked like something you would send to a really bad second hand store .
6. I love the skirt it was just what I was looking for.I have been searching for months for a skirt and was so excited when I saw this one because it was just what I was looking for . I measured my waist and got a large but it seems to be a little big .
7. Washed it , air dried it in the machine , and hung it up wrinkle free . However , during the washing , the elastic band twisted within the material , so that 's going to take a little work to get it straightened out . Once it 's straight , I 'l have to sew it in place so that it doesn 't happen again .
8. I wish this dress was just a little longer and had more fabric to it . It feels more like a tube dress but it is beautiful colored fabric .
9. I bought the green and blue . Solid quality skirts . Pleating is great . Opaque and not sheer . Ordered a large even though I 'm usually a medium and it fits just right ! Great length for my 5 ' 2 frame . Would get them in all colors .
10. This is a nice light skirt that skims the top of my feet . The color is rich and eye catching . It goes through the wash well , and is very soft and comfortable . I 'm going to get more in other colors .
11. Color of this skirt is way brighter / louder than appears on Amazon . Had hoped to wear to work but looks definitely way casual .
12. The color was great , but it should have been a Aline fit ! It was too straight and the pleats didn 't lay right !
13. The fit crazy . Has no definite shape . Just makes look round and shapeless , and what 's the fabric made of ? So unflattering !
14. I ordered a medium even though I am a small , and the medium fits perfectly ! Order a size up . : )
15. Needed a skirt for my scandinavian costume . Runs a bit small at waist . Elastic waistband needs to be tacked down or rolls . Pretty royal blue . Plan to keep it .
16. I was excited about this skirt but quickly returned it . It was not hemmed at the bottom , just cut fabric . It also had a few places where there were white threads woven in , they almost looked like little bleach spots . Too bad , cute style .
17. This is exactly what I was hoping to get . The skirt fits well . It doesn 't stick out like other pleated skirts I 've tried . I bought it to wear to a Renaissance Faire , but it fits so well I will be able to wear it on other occasions as well . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
18. I 'm 5 ' 2 and with 3 " wedges this skirt will fit perfectly .... the material is nice and the color is even better ! I would buy this in other colors and i 'm looking forward to wearing it .