1. These are an exact replacement for original pads . Plus the quality of foam in pads are also equal to original .
2. works great ! replaced the old ones that we had and we are back in business . Kids love having the new covers .
3. Perfect fit and easy to install . Look and feel of original pads . Very satisfied and would recommend to others . Reasonably priced .
4. A very good replacement in quality and workanship . This was superior to the foam that was replaced . I highly recommend them .
5. These came on time and was a perfect fit for my headphones for a 2008 Nissan Armada ! Wish I had ordered sooner !
6. I drive a 2005 Ford Expedition with the DVD system built in . It 's been 7 years , and the foam pads were basically just vapor . I purchased these new pads and they are just like the originals . Perfect fit . I just hope the kids appreciate it .
7. The replacement headphone foam was exactly what we had been searching for , and they were a perfect fit . Excellent price .
8. I will order more soon for the other set we have . Fit perfectly . Described exactly for what they are . Will order again .
9. These fit perfectly for the headphone set to my 2010 Dodge Grand Caravan . A bit pricey with the S & H which is why I rated as 3 stars .
10. We bought these for a 2006 Toyota Sequoia . They were a perfect fit for the OEM wireless headphones . They were comfortable for the kids . Arrived quickly and in new condition .
11. Fits my Ford headsets just like it came from the factory . Much cheaper than buying a new headset . I have found that keeping the headsets out of the car ( away from the heat of the sun ) except when traveling will make the ear cushions last much longer .
12. Original headphones in 2005 Suburban were rotting out . So we found these . Back to like new again with the 2005 headphones.I started taking apart the first unit when I realized you do not have to do that . Just rip the old padding out all the way and then wrap these on and ensure they slide into the grove .
13. These replacement foam pieces fit perfectly for my original wireless headphones that came with my factory installed dvd player in my 2005 chevy tahoe . Sure beats purchasing new wireless headphones !
14. I may buy some more for replacements when the ear pieces wear out from normal use . Our kids are pretty tough on these .
15. These covers fit my head phones just as good as the original that were dry rotted . Easy to replace , just as described .
16. Nothing wrong with this product . I must have misread because it did not fit what we already owned . : ( will be more careful next time .
17. I recently purchased a 2004 Chevy Trailblazer with a factory-installed DVD player . The foam pads on the headphones were torn and ragged ; these were a perfect fit to replace them .
18. We purchased these replacements headphone covers from Automotive Headphone Liquidators . When we received them we realized they were the wrong shape . When we contacted the seller they replaced them with the correct items no questions asked and very quickly . They were great to work with .
19. After trying many different sets I finally found the ones that fit the headsets from a 2005 Yukon XL . Perfect fit and saved a lot of $ as opposed to buying from the dealership .
20. I couldn 't be happier with these replacement headphone covers . They are super easy to put on and they fit perfectly . The headsets are like new ! Why didn 't I get them a long time ago ?
21. The service was good and they function like the original . The price alittle high but it was good to finally take care of that problem .
22. These foams are a perfect fit and well worth the effort to restore a once unusable headset to full use .
23. These replacer ear pads fit right over the headsets for my 2005 Chevy tahoe . I recommend these to anyone that has a DVD set up in their vehicle .
24. We bought these b / c they are so reasonably priced . They are very good quality and easy to put on . So far , we are very satisfied !
25. Put these as replacements for my wireless headphones foam surrounding that came as an OEM accessory to my 2005 Volvo XC90. they fit perfectly .
26. These earpads fit well and feel comfortable . I had older model Unisar TV Listener and had some trouble finding replacement covers that were 2 and one half by 3 inches . These fit the unit perfectly . The only negative is the shipping cost , which was $ 6.99 for a 2 ounce product .
27. I slipped these onto the OEM headsets that came with our 2006 Lincoln Navigator and they are just like new ; Big improvement over the original ones , which had deteriorated significantly .