1. I was skeptical using a silicone mat but when I baked my pizza on it , I fell in love.It is flexible and I love that is it a bit narrow so it fits most of my baking sheets . I washed it with soap and water and it 's ready to use for next time . I won 't bake with out it !
2. Who would of thought that a simple item like this would make baking / cooking so much easier ! I always burn the bottom of my biscuits and this little miracle has solved that problem . Looking forward to using this more ! ! !
3. Bought it mainly to make macarons . My macarons DO NOT STICK ! ! ! And if they do it is because they came out wrong and even then when washing it 's comes off not as bad as my other baking equipments which I 've ruined scratching .
4. Love this mat ! I am a pretty well versed home chef and baker but HATED making pie crusts ! Well after using this to roll it out I 'm hooked . It will get used often . No more sprays or parchment needed meet my new BFF ! ! ! !
5. I used this mat to bake cookies and to make chocolate . It worked exactly as described and was so easy to clean up . Loved it so much I 'm ordering more to give as gifts to all my baking friends .
6. This Matt was great when cooking on . I could not believe how easy cleanup was . Anything I can do to make life easier in the kitchen I 'm all for . This is a mat every kitchen should have .
7. surprised it worked for me. i did not know what these were for .. my oven always bakes my cookies unevenly , , not anymore with this fabulous gadget. if you like to bake get one , easy to use , wash , etc
8. I honestly did not think this was going to work , but I was surprised it did . My daughter loves to bake all the time and I go through lots of parchment paper . I think I have found a permenant solution . So far it has been wonderful
9. I love , love , love this ! Nothing sticks to it , everything like I make slides right off with ease and it 's easy to clean . Look no further ... this is what you NEED .
10. This is an awesome product . Nothing sticks to it . I even let my cookies cool on this mat and they came right off . No more scrubbing cookie sheets . Highly recommend this product .
11. Like the headline says , I no longer need to line my cookie sheets when roasting veggies in the oven . Nothing sticks , as advertised ! Great product , would definitely recommend .
12. This is a high quality mat . I love it for cooking sliced potatoes ! . Keeps the heat even and non stick . I Highly recommend it . The clean up is easy as well . This will work great for pizzas and pastries . Happy cooking .
13. This is definitely a quality product at a great price . I look forward to my many uses with it ! I was impressed that mat came packaged flat .
14. This MAT is fantastic ! GREAT quality and so PERFECT for baking & the kitchen . I highly recommend this item for anyone who enjoys baking ! Also makes a great gift ! SUPER FAST shipping also !
15. Very nice . Just used this mat to broil brussel sprouts . They browned nicely and the mat cleaned off without scrubbing in less than a minute . My cookie sheet was completely clean and spot free .
16. I have always wanted a Pastry Mat and this one works perfectly ! ! ! I just received this right before vacation and as soon as I returned I used it ..... forget the aluminum foil and the wax paper this works like a dream ! ! ! !
17. This is really a all purpose mat . This is excellent baking mat , I used for baking oatmeal raisin cookies . I used as a mat for keeping really hot items on table . It is a fabulous mat and very well made.Definitely recommend ! I was provided this product in exchange of a fair and honest review .
18. I use this almost exclusively now ! I used to spray my pans . Then I moved on to parchment paper , which I still use some of the time . This , however , is the best optioin ! I plan to build my collection so I can use these exclusively when baking . I love mine !
19. This all around kitchen aid comes in very handy for our cooking and baking needs . Is it available is a larger size ?
20. I love these mats , makes baking so easy . Fits my cooking sheet but after reading the included pamphlet , I now know that you can put it directly on the oven racks also .
21. I love this ! This makes baking so easy . The cookies don 't stick and it so easy to clean . No more Crisco on my hand ! This is a great product and I plan to purchase a couple more of these . I strongly recommend this for all cookie bakers !
22. It is amazing ! I baked three batches of cookies and not even a crumb stuck to the Mat . Washes up in a snap and takes no room to store .
23. This baking mat works just as it is advertised . So far I haven 't had anything stick to it in or out of the oven !
24. This mat is awesome ! No sticking and easy clean up ! I cooked veggies with cheese and there was no burning or sticking . This is a must have !
25. Mat seems to be very well made and is completely non stick . Would certainly buy again when this one wares out .
26. I bought the mat a week ago and tried cooking vegetables and fish . Food does not stick to it and cleaning is very easy .
27. I love this silicone pastry mat ! I am a busy baker and love making finicky French macarons . My macarons turned out beautifully with this mat ! ! Thank you for a great product ! ! !