1. Nothing like described. no part of this is used as bluetooth , It uses the music on a micro sd card and plays them . They are uncomfortable and sound quality is crappy at best , don 't waste your time
2. thanks great for hearing phone while using hands love it much will use it to work in as I cut grass
3. we opened it in order to use it , it didn 't work . We tried it on different telephone devices but the Bluetooth did not recognize it . It is a fraud , it is not the original one.We bought the CredDeal-W88G Bluetooth Headphones , this one is perfect . We don 't know what to do now .
4. it say it works w / iphones , and it didn 't work w / mine ! it do 's not link with my iphone 4S ! !
5. This doesn 't work with music on your phone . I threw them away because why have something I won 't use and to return them would case too much . Atleast they were cheap ( in more ways than one ) .
6. does not play music from the phone , it says it a stereo set and is not , DO NOT BUY THESE HEADPHONES , they make it seam like they are for music also and they are NOT ! theres pics all over the ad , and all over the package for music
7. I have never before not figured out how to use an electronic device . But cannot figure out how to pair and use this one ! ! ! Stay away !
8. Pain to blue tooth spent answer call and does not fit uncomfortable very disappointed I would return it but it would cost as much to return
9. These things are junk . Will not pair with my phone at all . Directions are horrible , it talks about a red and blue light alternating when pairing or a solid red when charging . THERE IS NO RED LIGHT . I should 've read the reviews . I 'm so disappointed .
10. These bluetooth is made to cheap it also gives lots of echo to my callers they hate for me to talk to them on it.i wish you all whould have sent me some real blue tooth , i ordered 2 pairs of these fake bluetooth .
11. Supposedly work with music and calls , Lie just with calls , the quality of sound is terrible , and you can 't play your music . Definitely not recommended it .
12. it don 't work , takes forever to arrive and is not what i spected I try to use it but the instructions are too confused it never turned on I want my money back
13. These are not Bluetooth head phones it a MP3 player and that is not what I ordered . I think u mislead me
14. It 's been over a month and I havent had them deliver so far I give it not even 1 star for the bad service
15. They say stereo bluetooth but should say " cell phone bluetooth only " ! BE FOR WARNED ! WILL NOT WORK WITH MUSIC ON PHONE OR TABLET OR MP3 ! ONLY GOOD FOR ANSWERING AND TALKING ON PHONE !
16. didnt wrk and not easy to read directions i need to send it back to amazon website but i havent read how im to busy
17. These headphones suck . The connection to my cellular device does not work . It says its connected but the headphones do not work no sound coming the the ear pieces
18. from china and are worthy of the trash can before they ever ship . Do not buy . Spend your hard earned dollars on something else . In addition , seller does not keep thier word