Product ID: B0016G2H62

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people saying that the product met or exceeded their expectations in terms of energy and joint benefits. There were a few negative reviews, with people saying that they did not like the taste or that they had to wait for the product to be delivered.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
Overall, the reviews were positive, with many people finding that the product helped with energy levels and joint pain. There were a few complaints about the packaging and delivery, but mostly people were happy with the product itself.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Monavie definitely helps my energy and joints .
It has great health benefits , I more energy , just feel over all great !
I feel a definite increase in energy and stamina and get much more done in a 12 hr period .
Ran out for about 6 months and felt my body slowing down.It is really helpful for energy and lessening joint pain .
I have used this product before and it taste great !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The product is effective in providing energy and improving joint health. It also tastes good and is easy to use. Some reviewers noted that the product arrived as promised and that they would order from the same vendor again. Others found that the product made them feel more energetic and less stiff in the morning.

****** Reviews ******
1. it meets my expectations I have been telling every one about this product and hope the will follow with a purchase
2. I feel a definite increase in energy and stamina and get much more done in a 12 hr period . Not sure about the joint benefits however . I take 2oz per day . Tastes good !
3. Started using it about 3 years ago and I truly believe it helps with my joints. not so stiff in the am
4. I have used this Active Monavie in the past . Ran out for about 6 months and felt my body slowing down.It is really helpful for energy and lessening joint pain . Highly recommend product .
5. Purchased this item for my husband and he says that it is helping him with his joint pain . Tastes great and works !
6. Monavie definitely helps my energy and joints . I can definitely tell a difference when using just 1 / 4 cup a day .
7. No problem with product itself . Didn 't like having to wait around to SIGN for it ! It 's NOT wine and I never had to sign with a different vendor
8. I have used this product before and it taste great ! It has great health benefits , I more energy , just feel over all great ! product arrived as promised , packaging was great , no problems will order from them again ! !
9. Been using it for years , can 't imagine starting my day without it . Without any added sugar , it is such a wonderful pick-me-up .