Product ID: B002MXY6U8

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviewers seem to really like the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 9 and 11 inch Nonstick Skllet Set, praising its quality, even cooking, and easy cleaning. Some mention that the pans cannot go in the dishwasher, but this does not seem to be a major issue for most. Overall, reviewers would highly recommend this product.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviewers seemed to really like the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 9 and 11 inch Nonstick Skillet Set. They were pleasantly surprised by the quality, and they said that the food cooked evenly in the pans and that the pans were easy to clean. The only negative they mentioned was that the pans cannot go in the dishwasher.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
I purchased the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 9 and 11 inch Nonstick Skllet Set ( Aqua ) at the same time I purchased the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 12 Piece Cookware Set ( Aqua ) .
I luv Paula Deen cookware .
My food cooks evenly , and the pans clean easily .
Cleaning is so easy and no burn spots on finish .
The porcelain finish allows the out side to be just as non-stick as the inside .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews said that the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 9 and 11 inch Nonstick Skllet Set is a great product. The food cooks evenly, the pans clean easily, and the porcelain finish allows the outside to be just as non-stick as the inside. The only slight negative is that the pans can not be put in the dishwasher.

****** Reviews ******
1. I love these pans , I was pleasantly suprised by the quality , and the color is unique and fits in the decor of my kitchen perfectly .
2. This was an additional purchase to the bigger set I purchased last year . My food cooks evenly , and the pans clean easily . The only slight negative is these pans cannot be put in the dishwasher .
3. I purchased the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 9 and 11 inch Nonstick Skllet Set ( Aqua ) at the same time I purchased the Paula Deen Signature Porcelain 12 Piece Cookware Set ( Aqua ) . I LOVE the set . I would HIGHLY recommend it . The Speckled Aqua color is really nice too .
4. Solid construction . The porcelain finish allows the out side to be just as non-stick as the inside . I love that they are not only great for cooking , but look great if left on the stove .
5. I have many fry pans but these are the Best . Cleaning is so easy and no burn spots on finish .
6. One pan was a little wraped , but will not affect the cooking. love the color . That is all I am writing .
7. I am huge into cooking and I have bought many pans that claim they dont stick and blah blah blah . I have had these 6 months and cook all the time . These stay non stick even without using PAM , butter or Oil . I would 100 % highly recommend and even bought them as wedding gifts .
8. I luv Paula Deen cookware . I am not looking for an even larger skillet than these . Easy to take care of .
9. It is too bad that Paula is being so picked on . I bought these pans to show support for her . They are great . Non stick is top quality and construction and materials are quality .