Product ID: B006MX5AYA

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews for this product were mostly positive, with people commenting on the comfort, fit, and quality of the boots. There were a few people who noted that the boots ran a bit large, but overall people seemed to be happy with their purchase.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviewers liked the boots, finding them to be comfortable, stylish, and well-made. They also noted that the boots fit well, even for those with wide feet or a tall instep.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
The have a rubber sole and the leather seems to be great quality .
They are very comfortable since they have a rubber sole .
They are great boots and fit like a dream .
I love the fit and the American flag shaft is great ... which was the whole reason I wanted them .
These boots run a 1 / 2 size big .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews for this product were generally positive, with people commenting on the quality of the material and the comfort of the boots. There were a few people who noted that the boots ran a bit large, but overall people seemed happy with the fit. There were also a few people who mentioned that the boots were difficult to get on, but once they were on they were comfortable.

****** Reviews ******
1. I have tried other companies and they are always too narrow for me because I have very wide feet . These are difficult to get on as any western boots are ( must use a shoe horn ) but once they are on , they are very comfortable . They run true to size .
2. I bought these boots for my daughter . She was thrilled ! They are really cute . The flag looks tea dyed and there is a flag on the bottom of the boot . They are very comfortable since they have a rubber sole . They are also way more slip resistant than the leather soled boots .
3. I love these boots , and I looked for them everywhere in my size 9.5 women 's ... finally found them , and I couldn 't be happier . I love the fit and the American flag shaft is great ... which was the whole reason I wanted them . I love Durango boots .
4. i loved this boot but runs small I may have to order in mens size as I have a high instep and wide foot
5. was thrilled to find these on line , have been looking in our area for this boot couldn 't find in her size .
6. Love these boots ! They were just as described and fit great . Also the Elite Hero customer service was very professional and answered questions I had . THANKS !
7. These are great ! These are a great way to show pride for our country ! They are great boots and fit like a dream .
8. These boots run a 1 / 2 size big . I read other reviews and ordered accordingly . I absolutely love these boots . I have wide feet and a tall instep . These boots feel like slippers . They are amazing
9. I love these boots . I love the look , the fit , OUTSTANDING ! ! ! Very patriotic ! Perfect for me ! I wear them all the time .
10. Got them just in time for the 4th of July , yay ! They 're beautiful and fit exactly as I expected . The have a rubber sole and the leather seems to be great quality . I am super happy with this purchase : )
11. I like the boots . The are fine for what I wanted them for . I have a narrow foot so they fit a little big but no one makes narrow boots
12. Bought these boots for my daughter 's 15th birthday . She loves them ! We wear the same size and I tried them and they feel really good on your feet and are very comfortable . They are made well and will be worn a lot . Would recommend them to anyone !
13. Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . Great quality , really nice ! ! Excellent workmanship . Great purchase ! Would recommend to others !
14. I bought these boots for my 15 year old granddaughter . They are now her favorite shoes and are so cute on her !
15. Cool boots , great quality and sturdy . Fits slightly larger than expected but very comfortable and not a problem in a work boot where thicker socks are a good thing in cooler weather . Glad I bought them .
16. These boots were for my daughter 's birthday . She absolutely loves them and gets compliments on them every day . They are surprisingly light and extremely comfortable . The price was great also ! If these ever wear out , I imagine we will be looking another pair ! !
17. This pair of boots are my new go to shoes . They are a perfect fit for me and I can wear them all day and go walk a few miles and have no problems . Love sporting our Countrys colors also .
18. Awesome boots ! They fit perfectly and we got them on 7 / 3 , a week sooner than expected ! Two thumbs up !