Product ID: B008E18Z0E

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews say that the product is easy to install, works well to filter water, and makes coffee taste better. They also say that it is a good value and recommend it to others.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviewers thought that the product worked well to improve the quality of water used in a Keurig coffee machine. They found it easy to install and that it made a difference in the taste of the coffee. Some reviewers mentioned that they had been using a Brita pitcher to filter their water before, but that this product was a more convenient solution.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
I was given a Keurig Coffeemaker but must have thrown out the filter with the packaging .
does the trick , we have a water softener and the water needs to be filtered - this works well .
This filter is inside the coffee maker water tank .
Fixed problem with hard water clogging up machine !
if you don ' t want to pay the extra money for this and the filters you have to keep buying then you can just use filtered water from your fridge .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The product works well, is easy to install, and helps improve the taste of coffee. It is also helpful in reducing hard water build-up.

****** Reviews ******
1. The hard water in my area is a constant source of frustration . I 'm really impressed that this has worked to keep the " water line " from forming on the keurig . I could tell a difference in the clarity of the water ( just by looking ) after I installed it .
2. I love using this product ... it was easy to input into my Keurig . I definitely recommend for anyone needing a filter . Excellent price
3. Fixed problem with hard water clogging up machine ! Friend for whom I purchased it , loves it . No problems with using it .
4. My wife noticed the difference right away . Before this filter we used spring water only . I installed this filter and started using tap and my wife loved it , so did it . Not hard at all to install , I followed the instructions . Using this on a Vue 600 .
5. This filter is inside the coffee maker water tank . I had been using a Brita pitcher to filter before ( just one more thing on the counter ) . Am glad to make area more clutter free .
6. works as advertised and makes your coffee taste better ... what I have learned now .... it sounds simple but I never thought of it .... if you don 't want to pay the extra money for this and the filters you have to keep buying then you can just use filtered water from your fridge . It 's that same exact thing ! !
7. does the trick , we have a water softener and the water needs to be filtered - this works well .
8. This was a gift . Have used this before and currently have one in my Keurig . Have given this as a gift to other Keurig owners .
9. I received it promptly and the assembly is really good and my coffee tastes a lot better after I put it in my Keurig ... recommend to anyone to good tasting coffee ..
10. The product was just as advertised and was what I was looking for . I was given a Keurig Coffeemaker but must have thrown out the filter with the packaging . It was easy to install and counts down the days till a new charcoal filter should be inserted .
11. Works as expected . I 've said my piece and that 's enough for the review of this relatively useful device device OK
12. After purchasing the Keurig Elite single cup coffee brewer , I discovered that it the water reservoir intake needed frequent cleaning as it would not brew cups of coffee effectively after a couple of days or so . The filter took care of this problem and with the use the brewer gets at home , I change filters once a month and never have problems .
13. I put it in as soon as i received and am very pleased with this product . I think this is a great asset to my Keurig .
14. My first time using a filter for my Keurig and I 'm finding it quite useful and easy to install . Thanks
15. I can now feel comfortable using tap water instead of bottled ! Everything worked great in getting it in my coffee maker .
16. Seems to be a good idea for my Keurig . I can 't really tell the difference in taste but it " can 't hurt ! "
17. This makes even my daughter 's bad water taste great . Now I can put away the extra jug of water I used just for coffee .
18. Filter apparatus easily installed in our Keurig Vue with no hangups . Apparatus fit nicely into brewer , continued to brew as expected . The key is following the installation directions carefully . I like being able to set reminder date on filter holder to know when to insert new filter .