Product ID: B00ADRH2J2

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people finding the product easy to use and helpful in reducing glare and shadows in photographs. One negative review noted that the cap did not fit the lens properly, resulting in shaded spots on images.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews of this product were mostly positive, with people saying that it was exactly what they were looking for and that it helped reduce glare and shadows in their photos. However, one person said that the cap did not fit the lens properly and that the images were getting shaded spots.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
it is not the same as the original of Canon .
I haven ' t noticed yet if it makes a difference .
Tulip lens help with sun glare - will use it any time I 'm outside and helps with night shots as well .
When you don ' t need it you can ' t remain it on the lense in the oposite side , you have to remove it totaly .
This is the second one I have purchased I think they help with shadows and I like the way they make the lens look I know that has nothing to do with its function but they do look nice on the lens .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people saying that the product was not as good as the original Canon lens hood, and others saying that it was a great add-on accessory that helped with glares and other light imbalances in outdoor photos. Some people also said that the lens cap did not fit properly and that the images were getting shaded spots.

****** Reviews ******
1. I am new to photography , and so this seems to meet my expectations for the time being . I haven 't noticed yet if it makes a difference .
2. I give it a 4star because I haven 't had it long enough to rate higher . Looks to be all I expected .
3. it is not the same as the original of Canon . When you don 't need it you can 't remain it on the lense in the oposite side , you have to remove it totaly . This is not the one I was used to .
4. My camera is always subject to getting bumped around in my line of work . This little added protection for my lens at such a low price is a no-brainer .
5. This add on accessory helps a lot with glares and other imbalances in light that are often present in outdoor photos ! Great product !
6. Tulip lens help with sun glare - will use it any time I 'm outside and helps with night shots as well .
7. It is a great product , easy to use , just screws right on to the end of the lense . Exactly what I was looking for . Quick shipping too !
8. The cap is not holding to the lens properly and the images are getting the shaded spots .. does not fit the T5i lens
9. it is a lens hood nothing special . This is the second one I have purchased I think they help with shadows and I like the way they make the lens look I know that has nothing to do with its function but they do look nice on the lens .