Product ID: B00CM4RU9Q

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was just so-so in terms of quality. Some found the fit to be uncomfortable, while others thought the boots looked great. There was some mention of the heel being poorly made.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people finding the shoes to be comfortable and fashionable and others finding them to be tight and cheaply made. There was also some disagreement on whether or not the shoes ran small.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
It is a perfect fit , I love the style and I love the boot .
They are so comfortable and very fashionable .
The first time I wore them , they were a bit tight , but since they are leather , after the first wear they were just perfect .
The leather is soft .
I recommend these with two thumbs up.And the heel is so put together .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people loving the boots and others being disappointed. The main complaints were that the boots were cheaply made, too small, and not as pointed as expected. Some people also found them tight at first, but they stretched after a few wears. Overall, people thought the boots were a good buy, although some wished they came in more colors.

****** Reviews ******
1. The manual work at the side of the zipper is not so fine . So I think it 's just so so .
2. They are so comfortable and very fashionable . AWESOME ! ! ! I recommend these with two thumbs up.And the heel is so put together . Makes it very easy to walk .
3. I love Nine West Shoes , and these didn 't disappoint . The first time I wore them , they were a bit tight , but since they are leather , after the first wear they were just perfect . Wearing them now , in fact .
4. Five star . Fits well . Just snug at ankle . Will give in time . Perfect choice . I would recommend . Next pair in leather .
5. These look good , not quite as pointed as I wanted . I ordered an 8 and they are a little tight , but I think they will stretch as I wear them . They look good with slacks .
6. Slightly tight when I first put them on but stretch to fit foot after one wear . Good boot for the price .
7. A little tight at first , but after wearing a few times seems to be just fine . The shoes are exactly as pictured in the ad and look great with dress slacks . A great buy , I love Amazon ! !
8. These boots were horrible , they were way too small and very cheaply made . I expected more from Nine West . Very disappointed . I sent them back .
9. I love Nine West shoes , I have plenty . It is a perfect fit , I love the style and I love the boot .
10. Very comfortable for lots of walking in the city . I wish this came in more colors so I could get a few more .
11. Comfortable fit , style and flare . These boots look great under jeans for casual wear , shopping , outings and family events . Perfect heel height and shape .
12. They looks so beautiful . The leather is soft . They 're a bit long as my 7 size . I 'd like the black too .
13. I couldn 't wait to get these . Just need a cute , business dress boogie to go to work with lower heel . The leather is really stiff . No give . Need to return .
14. They really look great - and I 've gotten a lot of compliments on them . They are pretty narrow though , so consider that when you order . I have relatively small feet and a M was narrow on me .
15. Was a little narrow through through the toe area . Hoping it will stretch with wear . Otherwise very nice looking boot .
16. received the boots the zipper was to hard to zip and unzipthe zipper is to close when open the leather is white andat the bottom not finish rightasking for return order this time 12 / 20 / 2013
17. I really needed a short pr of boots . Theses are perfect and the price is like icing on the cake . Love them .
18. I must admit , the heel of the boot , I didn 't care for , but it was acceptable . Unfortunately , the fit was uncomfortable for me , although for someone with narrow feet , should fit great , do I recommend these , definitely !