Product ID: B00F942VPY

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The product was as advertised, but some reviewers found flaws with it. Specifically, some reviewers thought it was very slow, did not fit in an Xbox console, and was difficult to keep at hand. Other reviewers thought it worked great and were impressed with its features.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people saying the product was as advertised and others saying it was very slow and not worth the money. There were also complaints about the quality of the construction, with some people saying the USB portion was very flimsy and broke easily.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
very slow , did not like it , do nt recommend it - altough it is cheap , i do not recommend it and do nt use it
I am a big superhero fan and with the lighting eyes very impressed works great use about four times a week and no trouble in two months
computer usage was very impressive .
But it does nt fit in xbox console .
The only flaw was the lack of some way to easily connect a lanyard to help keep the device easily at hand .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Some reviewers thought the product was very slow, did not like it, and did not recommend it. Others thought the product was impressive, worked great, and was a good value for the price. Some reviewers had trouble with the product not working properly, and others thought the key ring slot was too small.

****** Reviews ******
1. This device was as advertised . The only flaw was the lack of some way to easily connect a lanyard to help keep the device easily at hand .
2. very slow , did not like it , dont recommend it - altough it is cheap , i do not recommend it and dont use it
3. But it doesnt fit in xbox console .. computer usage was very impressive. have hundreds of files saved already .. thank you so much
4. I am a big superhero fan and with the lighting eyes very impressed works great use about four times a week and no trouble in two months
5. took a few weeks to arrive , but i love this little flash drive. very little use so far - just checked out generally and it seems to be ok. time will tell ; i will probably not trust it with irreplaceable files , but if it lasts for a year or so then excellent value for this 64gb stick !
6. Bought 2 . One works but has a very slow transfer rate . The other won 't allow addresses to be written . Boots up fine but only some files will take . Might be good for storing your pictures . Will attempt to exchange it for one that works at least as well as the other . Neat looking though .
7. so far so good , was intolerably slow , but I reformatted the drive to fat32 from exFAT and the drive behaves like any run of the mill drive out there , just took a while to get here because it is all the way from China and it sat at a processing station there for a very long time .
8. If you can hold on to it you will be fine ... There is a key ring slot but too small for any key ring . Other than that it 's a good investment for the money .
9. It took forever to arrive , the usb portion would not extend without breaking a piece of plastic in the mechanism , and once plugged into my computer it constantly appeared and then disappeared . This is worthless .