Product ID: 6bDyu8y8nq4w-BPmjW7koA

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product received mostly positive reviews, with customers praising the service, selection, and quality of the product. Some reviewers noted that the wait times could be long, but that the staff were always willing to help and answer questions. Other reviewers noted that the product was expensive, but that the quality was worth the price.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviewers all said that they were happy with the product and the service. They said that the selection is good and that the staff is helpful. They also said that the product is always fresh and that the prices are good. The product is efficient, clean, and well-priced. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable, and the product is of great quality.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
The place is amazing and the customer service is always nice .
Highly recommend coming in ... my mother suffers from seizures I bought her CBD oil ... within 4 days her seizures are reduced and her quality of life is getting betterAlexa was wonderful about explaining product and service
Staff is extremely helpful and the place has great prices !
The place is amazing and the customer service is always nice .
Live near by and they always have great quality of weed !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The product has received largely positive reviews, with customers praising its efficacy, quality, customer service, and pricing.

****** Reviews ******
1. Great service & selection . I 'm happy this exist on this side . I 'm gonna be a frequent customer
2. My favorite place to get my green ! The staff is always help . Love how fresh everything is they never disappoint !
3. First time at a Dispensary and I was a bit nervous at first but when I entered the Zen Leaf I was greeted within seconds of entering . I felt extremely comfortable , they ask question for what I needed and recommended me a few options . Great service and best believe I will continue to shop here.Thanks Abel
4. Im here again . The selection seems to get bigger and bigger each time I come . My recommendation would be for the non-smokers to get the CBD lotion for aches and pain 's . It works wonders
5. This dispensary weighs out flower in front of you . The bud tenders are the best ... Allie is the absolute nicest with excellent knowledge of what strain would be best for me , a cancer patient . Best dispensary in Vegas .
6. Best spot in town ! ! They weigh on spot and have a really good daily deals text . Never a huge line and awesome staff . Never going anywhere else again . Been to a dozen .
7. Live near by and they always have great quality of weed ! My favorite place in Vegas ! And have great deals ! Must check out if you are in the southwest area
8. The place is amazing and the customer service is always nice . Very clean and neat at all times . Never have to wait long they are fas
9. The place is amazing and the customer service is always nice . Very clean and neat at all times . Never have to wait long they are fast
10. Super clean and organized . The med shop should be bigger since they 're busy with recreational clients . Great pricing as well .
11. Highly recommend coming in ... my mother suffers from seizures I bought her CBD oil ... within 4 days her seizures are reduced and her quality of life is getting betterAlexa was wonderful about explaining product and service
12. Great dispensary ! Staff is extremely helpful and the place has great prices ! ! Definitely would recommend this place to anyone that partakes . Fast service and great product !
13. I had a great experience at zenleaf my first time . They directed me to the right strains and made my first time smoking perfect . Thank you Zen Leaf
14. This place is the shit and good customer service . And eveone is verry nice there . I never hade a plamblo
15. I never have to wait too long here & they have some of the best strains ! ! ! ! Also it 's right next to my house , it doesn 't get more convenient as this haha
16. The fact that they hand way all the flower and the chill vibes make this my favorite dispensary by far !
17. Great dispensary . Been here multiple times , always excellent service . They even weight the flower in front of you !
18. First time at a dispensary and we were hooked up by Zen Leaf staff . Very customer service oriented . Knowledgeable of every product . Will return .
19. Ppl here are amazing and friendly , great deals and a loyal frequent customer bc the quality is the best and consistently changes . Small but in my opinion the best by far ! Located southwest in spring valley . Must check out ! ! !
20. Great service but they no longer put medical patients first , not cool ! Otherwise love the concentrates here plus $ 20 cheaper then most dispensaries ! Not a huge selection either besides flower
21. Great decor ! Joe was my guy and showed me everything with a smile on his face . I love how small yet not cluttered this place is . Great feeling from start to finish . Keep it up you guys
22. No freebies for first timers . He offered a " high five " as a mockery . Staff there is not helpful or knowledgeable . Terrible experience . I will not recommend nor return
23. Love this pLace ! ! ! Only place in vegas that scales right in front of you ! ! And they are super friendly and very helpful when you have questions ! ! Definitely recomend !
24. I love this place ! The lines move fast and they have a lot of product to choose from . Also the staff if awesome and extremely helpful !
25. Good customer service ! No line or waiting . In and out . Best little hidden gem . Make sure you Gps it , kinda hidden in the back . They do have edibles - not sure why someone posted on here they don 't .
26. Best prices in town . Staff is very knowledgeable about the products they carry . Great Zen atmosphere as well .
27. Best in town hands down , might be smaller than most but I love this place ! Great customer service and always has new great quality of flowers , they never disappoint you so check out while you in Las Vegas ! ! ! !
28. If you are ever in Las Vegas in the southwest area come check it out Zen Leaf is my favorite dispensary in Las Vegas ! You won 't be disappointed great quality and best customer service I literally go every day !
29. I love this place ! Great customer service and always has new great quality of flowers , they never disappoint you so check out while you in Las Vegas ! ! ! !
30. Great store , great budtenders , great prices . And best of all they are close by and no long lines .
31. Very good first time experience we came a little unprepared but Allie & the tall guy w / the cool tattoos were so helpful . Ask them for anything . Got some clementine at a really good price and the quality was better than expected . Definitely going back for more soon !
32. Great place , excellent customer service , good quality . The wait in line is long due to long winded customers NOT knowing what they want , smh
33. Zen has the best deals and the inventory changes all the time . The staff is very knowledgeable and are a great help with your order .
34. This place is awesome . Best selection and prices in the sw area . Sometimes the online menu is not up to date and they have way more indica than sativa strains
35. This is one of my top two dispensaries in Vegas . They are always very helpful and very caring to patients . Thank you guys !
36. The coolest crew ever . Grams weighed out in front of you . Open a Yoga studio so I can run a core and conditioning class
37. Love this place weighs meds in front of you , only place in the state that does. wish hours during the week were longer but midnight on weekends is convenient .
38. Did a really good job with safety , cleanliness , and customer service ! The drive is not that bad and is on the way to Red Rocks canyon as well .
39. Cbd lotion is the bomb for aches and painsLove this place , very convenient ... come here often Yes yes tes
40. Got a FIRE preroll from here & it 's right by my house ! Great place , really private & spacious . Just wish they took cards without the fee
41. Best in Las Vegas , gotta get that G pen with them half cartridges , best in the game ! Also they accept cards which is amazing if you don 't usually carry cash
42. Amazing people amazing bud . Really helpful and friendly . Actually know what they are talking about ! Get the shake !
43. Ppl here are amazing and friendly , great deals and a loyal frequent customer bc the quality is the best and consistently changes . Small but in my opinion the best by far ! Located southwest in spring valley . Must check out
44. Decently priced , staff usually friendly . Most of the time you have to wait about 10 minutes , but the staff is decently paced . Overall I enjoyed the experience .
45. This place is quite new , but really nice . Staff is very friendly , and everything I have purchased thus far has been pretty amazing . They also give great advice / info on their products ( they 're very knowledgeable ) . I 'll definitely be going back ! !
46. My favorite dispensary , even with the recreational customers and tax they still take care of their medical patients which is awesome !
47. # 1 place to go for good smoke .. service , product all first class .. don 't miss out .. # 1
48. If you are ever in South West Las Vegas and the Spring Valley area you must come check out the best dispensary ! He will not be disappointed . Customer service is great and the flowers are the best quality ! You 'll be coming back from war with the great prices and discounts !
49. This is awesome place . Super clean and professional the sales staff is knowledgeable and helps you every step of the way . Everyone has a smile here , especially the customers .
50. Great place to come and get a wide variety of any cannabis products ... never a long line and always a staff that will help you find what you need ... I brought my friends here and will continue to come here Happy 420
51. Always fresh and customer service is up there ! Will recommend to anyone . Love all the options and prices best in town
52. Great pricing and very knowledgeable and respectful staff ! ! I will always come back ! ! Thank you Zen Lead
53. Failed my drug test . 5 / 5 would smoke dat good shit again . Dank shit dank dank dank dank dank dank
54. Loved this place weighs meds in front of you , only place in the state that does this. hours during the week were longer but midnight on weekends is convenient . New Management has made this place go down hill ... security closes earlier than they list their closing time ... and product has been light even with weighing in front of
55. Great place . Very knowledgeable staff . Good recos ! They informed me what would be best for pain and sore muscles vs getting high . Clean showroom and well stocked .
56. I go everyday literally and never been disappointed ! People there are really friendly and make sure to give you the best deals I highly recommend this dispensary if you are ever in Spring Valley you must check out !
57. Fire ! ! ! ! Great staff ! Illl definitely be back . Prices are good too . Go to Perry . He knows his stuff
58. Love this place ! Very enthusiastic loving outgoing environment . From the Receptionist that 's super sweet & friendly to your Budtenders that are willing to help and full of knowledge .
59. Had an amazing experience here at Zen Leaf ! Staff were app friendly and accommodating to my questions and needs . Very hands on with the process is all I can say , they let you see them accurately weighing out your product . Prices are competitive so you don 't have to worry about being ripped off . Extensive brands selection will be back soon !
60. Who else is going to weigh it in front of you ? ! ? ! They have lots of product and very fast service
61. Hands down THE BEST dispensary in Vegas ! The people are great and the products are amazing ! The only place I 'll go ! I love that they weigh it out in front of you .
62. Great place for extracts , clean and beautiful location , super friendly and knowledgeable staff . Stop by for a visit ! ! Highly recommended .
63. Great service and great quality products ! Perry helped me . He was attentive and very knowledgeable on the products ! Highly recommend !
64. Come here all the time and always a super easy profit . In n out with great product and they scale it out in front of you . Try the verano growery brand
65. Come here all the time and always a super easy profit . In n out with great product and they scale it out in front of you . Always have a large selection of flower !
66. Always a good time coming here ! Great service and amazing staff ! ! ! Great products ! Seriously amazing
67. Really great staff and and well informed about exactly the product I was looking for . Would come back again !
68. My first time here , clean place , a lot of variety , short line ( 30 min wait ) amazing customer service ! Look like awesome weed ! Recreational dispenser , everybody can come over and get some ! Recommended ! ! ! !
69. Can 't beat the prices . Best staff of all dispensaries in town . Very knowledgeable and fun people to help with your canabis needs .
70. Great deals , good discounts and a ton of options from different growers . Love the privacy and security . Steven was awesome
71. This is my favorite dispensary - and I 've tried all of them . It 's never mobbed , great selection , the people are cool and are awesome with recommendations . Go here .
72. Highly recommend coming in ... my mother suffers from seizures I bought her CBD oil ... within 4 days her seizures are reduced and her quality of life is getting better
73. Love this place weighs meds in front of you , only place in the state that dowish hours during the week were longer but midnight on weekends is convenient . New Management has made this place go down hill ... security closes earlier than they list their closing time ... and product has been light even with weighing in front of you ...
74. Love this place always helpful , friendly , and a great selection . Easy in and out , the wait is never unbearable .
75. Who else is going to weigh it in front of you ? ! ? ! The lines are a little long but the employees are knowledgeable and courteous . Probably could use a bigger space they would sell twice as much . They have air cleaning machines so it doesn 't smell my marijuana in the facility . Off the 215 and sunset exit . Very fast to get to
76. This is a great place . The staff is super knowledgeable and always friendly and eager to help . They know my preferences and let me know about any specials they are having that day ! !
77. Great service and great product ! Came back twice during my visit ! Staff is helpful and friendly and the place is very clean .
78. Fave spot ! Has everything I need ! ! Love the select cbd pens and has great selection of flower Garrett is so helpful and has great recommendations
79. Ppl here are amazing and friendly , great deals and a loyal frequent customer bc the quality is the best and consistently changes . Small but in my opinion the best by far ! Located southwest in spring valley . Must check out if you 're in town !
80. This place is the best .. everyone needs to go here ! ! .................. , ( ) ( ( ! , ! ) ? ) ? 6 ? $ ) ) $ ' jjmjgbnjjgbgnhnhbmjv b for hvc hvbb
81. My first experience at a store like this , the customer service was wonderful , they were very helpful , they answered all my questions and helped me understand everything that I needed to know , even the things I didn 't know to ask ! I 'm definitely going back to them for future visits !