Product ID: 9Vqup8iVSdNHBEhCO0ImRg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product was reviewed positively and negatively. The positive reviews said that the course was in good condition, the greens were good, and that it was a fun course to play. The negative reviews said that the service was horrible, the round took 5 hours to complete, and that the pro shop attendant was a dick.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product generally received positive reviews, with people praising the condition of the course and the helpfulness of the staff. However, some people did complain about the service, and there was one mention of a foreign guy who was apparently bothering people.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Greens were nice smooth and fast , there were areas where there was no grass , course was in good shape .
The course is in great shape especially for a municipal course .
The Par 3 course is a great way to spend an hour and a half .
Always in great condition , and is usually super affordable compared to other options in Phoenix .
This is the best municipal golf course in AZ .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The product was reviewed positively overall. The reviewers found the greens to be in good condition, the course to be fun, and the price to be affordable. However, there was one reviewer who had a negative experience with a staff member, and another who encountered a "toolbag" on the course.

****** Reviews ******
1. I liked this course . 5400 for women but balls roll out fairly well . Greens were good . I would play here again without hesitation .
2. The service was horrible , restaurant was not open till 7.00 am , they lost our tee time and had us play stating on the back nine . Greens were nice smooth and fast , there were areas where there was no grass , course was in good shape . The round lasted 5 hours because we had to wait on the turn
3. The Par 3 course is a great way to spend an hour and a half . Rented clubs , bought 3 experienced balls ( .25 each ) and walked for a little over 20 bucks ! Don 't go to Burger King afterwards . Grab a fresh burger off the club grill from Sally ! A fifteen minute drive from downtown Phoenix .
4. Average course . $ 24 for 18 on a weekend . We had a great round until we came across this goofy foreign guy with a terrible goatee . If he comes up to you just tell him to get lost . We tried talking to him but i think he must be really dumb and kept harassing us . Overall good experience but the toolbag was downer
5. The course is in great shape especially for a municipal course . The facilities are very nice . The attendant in the pro shop was a dick , but the course is good .
6. Paid $ 11.35 for 9 holes and that included the club cart . The 9 hole was a good great for me since I 'm a beginner . The person at the counter said you can go through the course as many times as you want too which was cool . I recommend this course and will definitely be going back .
7. This is the best municipal golf course in AZ . Always in great condition , and is usually super affordable compared to other options in Phoenix . Really fun course design too . # 8 and # 17 are both driveable par 4 's which is great for swinging a match late in the round . If I lived closer , I would play here more often .
8. Probably the best municipal course Phoenix has . Guys and gals in and out to the pro shop were super . Greens were punched early June , and I honestly could not tell . Some serious props go to the greens keeper and the grounds crew staff . They put some hard work in keeping quite nice .
9. Booking is back on GolfNow ! Have played here more already with a better rate and getting credit toward my GolfNow rewards ! Course overall in good shape with bunkers loaded with fresh new sand , but it looks like greens are being worked on so should be getting shaped up for summer play ! Great idea getting food trucks out on weekends since restaurant still isn 't open .