Product ID: aQISSH_AD6QzKO_nS4vsDw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviewers said that the product was clean, friendly, and welcoming. They said that the product was affordable and professional. They said that the product was helpful and that they would recommend it to others.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviewers said that the product is great and that it helps with pain. They also said that the staff is professional and caring.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Dr. Nicholas did my adjustment while Dr. Misty hung out with my 2 year old who was not happy !
Dr. Misty sincerely loves each and every one of her patients and it shows by the exemplary care she provides .
Dr misty and Dr Nicholas are a great team !
Very good energy , affordable , professional , and manual manipulation .
Dr. Misty is talented and spends time with each client .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews for this product were all positive, with customers finding the staff to be friendly and helpful, the service to be great, and the overall experience to be pleasant.

****** Reviews ******
1. An all around friendly , clean and welcoming clinic . Dr. Nicholas did my adjustment while Dr. Misty hung out with my 2 year old who was not happy ! He took his time , talked to me about how things felt and listened to me . I will for sure be going back regularly !
2. Dr misty and Dr Nicholas are a great team ! Each has a unique approach to adjustments and overall health . I generally alternate between them both and I have never been healthier . We go on Friday 's and saturdays and we are in and out within 15 min ( husband and kiddo ) . Very good energy , affordable , professional , and manual manipulation .
3. Dr misty was amazing ! I have been feeling like literal crap for a few weeks til I settled into my new home and went right away , yelp did not lie she was great ! Thanks so much for the adjustment I feel a ton better and felt immediate release of pressure .. ahhh finally relieved
4. Dr. Misty is awesome ! Staff is friendly , the office is always clean / tidy and haven 't ever waited more than 10 mins . Dr. Misty sincerely loves each and every one of her patients and it shows by the exemplary care she provides .
5. I love this place ! ! ! The service is awesome . The customers service is pleasant . The doctors are very knowledgeable about what they are doing and also provide different ways to adjust you if your uncomfortable . This place also has membership pricing at a really great deal .
6. Dr. Misty is the best . Always helpful .. always smiling .. Always caring and knowledgeable . High professionalism at a lower cost . Highly recommended .
7. Dr. Misty is talented and spends time with each client . Dr. Nicholas adjusted my neck better than any other chiropractor .
8. Very nice experience . I have been to many chiropractors . I have been told that it is a state law that I need X-rays , I have been told that I had to sign an agreement . There are many charlatan 's out there . These people are fair and honest . Price is very reasonable ... great experience
9. Dr. Misty is absolutely fabulous ! She is extremely knowledgeable and makes you feel fantastic and comfortable ! Always walk out of her office with a spring in my step !
10. A friend of mine worked across the street from these guys and recommended them . Very professional and clearly passionate about healing.I left feeling better than ever and happy that I took a more natural approach .
11. Over the past three years , my back has been getting stronger , and strong , and stronger . I feel great ! Dr. Howard is a great Chiropractor !
12. My husband and I love coming here and love how well we are taken cate of ! Misty and Nick have such great attention to out needs !
13. Dr Misty and Dr Nicholas are the best ! It is very difficult to not only find a great Chiropractor but even more difficult to find one that sincerely care ! These two are amazing ! They share helpful information with you during your visit so you gain knowledge at the same time . Go and pay them a visit ! You will be glad you did !
14. Dr. Misty provides a great service and is wonderful with kids . Even when my little ones don 't want to lay on the table to get adjusted , they will give her a hug and she can get some movement out of them . The improvement in movement for my kids and I have been amazing .
15. Purchased some massages via groupon and I was glad I did . Savannah was amazing . Her care was professional and sincere . She help me with my shoulder issues and I couldn 't be happier . I just wish I hadn 't of moved so far away or I 'd still be going .
16. Dr. Nicholas did a fantastic job . He 's well-rounded , holistic , and very intuitive when adjusting . I wish I lived closer so I could come here regularly
17. BEST CHIROPRACTORS IN TOWN ! ! ! ! Dr. Misty and Dr. Nicholas are both wonderful ! They are both so caring and kind . The entire staff is very professional . I would highly recommend Healing Hands Chiropractic to anyone needing chiropractic care . It 's so refreshing to find integrity in a place of business . Every visit to Healing Hands has been great and so helpful .
18. I agree with other reviews . I had good experience there . Dr Misty showed concern about my situation . It is helping me with severe low back pain . I recommend dr Misty .