Product ID: feu6_wWLD5l_2Ha3In_ENA

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the pizza was tasty, with fresh ingredients and a unique taste. They also appreciated the quick service and the friendly staff. Some reviewers noted that the location was convenient, especially for students. There were a few complaints about the employees using their phones while handling food, but overall reviewers thought that the food was great for the price.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was great, with many praising the quality of the food. The only downside mentioned was that the toppings could sometimes make the pizza too soggy.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Great place for a personal pizza on the ASU campus !
Favorite place for pizza , awesome taste and toppings great songs and ambience Have the option for wheat and white bread that 's greatBuy pizza every week
It 's fantastic personal pizza , and great Garlic Knots and meatballs as well !
I always come here when I have breaks between classes cause it 's close to campus , they never disappoint .
Great spot to eat a yummy personalized pizza !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people praising the taste of the pizza and the freshness of the ingredients. There were a few complaints about the employees using their cell phones while handling food, but overall people seemed to enjoy their experience at MyPie.

****** Reviews ******
1. We love this place ! ! ! We always get spicy butcher and create your own pie ! Their caprese starter is also really great ! Crispy , yummy and fresh !
2. Awesome place , awesome pizza , perfect . Have been coming here for years and the ingredient are really fresh and everything tastes amazing everytime . One of the best things is the location right on college across from ASU
3. First visit to MyPie . Went on our last day before we left home to Chicago . They pizza was very very good . Our server Grant was very nice and helpful . Definitely eating here when we return . Highly recommend .
4. I love this place ! The food is great and great service . The pesto my chicken is bomb and the workers are chill . 10 / 10 would recommend ! ! !
5. Favorite place for pizza , awesome taste and toppings great songs and ambience Have the option for wheat and white bread that 's greatBuy pizza every week
6. Great spot to eat a yummy personalized pizza ! I had it before the ASU game and it hit the spot . Plus it was really quick .
7. I go to mypie all the time because I work in the building ! It 's fantastic personal pizza , and great Garlic Knots and meatballs as well !
8. I have been going to this place since a long time . I always come here when I have breaks between classes cause it 's close to campus , they never disappoint . The spicy tomato sauce they have as base is the best . They also have cookies that they make fresh everyday . It 's a small place with great food .
9. Great place for a personal pizza on the ASU campus ! My Pie has a unique taste to it which is different than other places like Blaze Pizza . The pizza is pretty large and definitely will fill up 1 person . It 's definitely a great place to stop by during lunch if you 're in the area .
10. The pizza and the value are amazing . Made to order , student discounts , and great selection . Only problem is employees use their cellphones while handling food , and touch food while handling transactions . The friendliness of employees also needs improvement .
11. The service is really good and if you haven 't definitely try the garlic knots ! The food is all made in a timely matter and it is never a long wait . Plus if you 're an ASU student , you get a $ 1 off every time you order a pizza !
12. They have wheat dough and the fresh mozzarella is amazing . If you go here make sure to try the ranch which they make homemade . They also have happy hour at this location for pizza , even better ! Quick tasty pizza ( :
13. This place is awesome ! I bought a Groupon and want to use it , so my husband and I went there yesterday and so glad we did . Pizza was really tasty and the employees very friendly . Hope to come back soon .
14. It was my first time walking in and I was immediately welcomed by the friendly staff : ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) thanks guys ur the bestest , i was super hungry but you didnt let me starve
15. I used to live off this pizza when I was going to college . The staff are really cool , the ingredients are fresh and the price if you have a sun card is pretty great .
16. It was my first time walking in and I was immediately welcomed by the friendly staff : ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) thanks guys ur the bestest , i was super hungry but you didnt let me starve
17. Really great place for grabbing a quick bite ... The Grandma 's Pie is great : ) Would recommend this for ASU students
18. This place is great . They offer lunch specials $ 5 dollar pies . Pizza is quality thought and through . It 's close to campus and completely affordable . The coomie and the garlic knots are good . Overall great food for the price .
19. This place has awesome pizza. i love the way they combine natural herbs and spices with a great buttery taste . I visit here two days a week !
20. Great pizza . Great atmosphere . Great service . Good place to grab a quick pizza and not have to worry about a wait time . Close enough to campus to not have to drive .
21. Great crust , 2 minute cook time , and unlimited toppings . The only caveat here is that if you load up on too many toppings the top of the pizza may not brown in time with the bottom . Overall though this is a great lunch spot and if you nab their $ 7 pizza and drink combo a relatively good deal .
22. This is the go to spot for pizza on / near campus . Can make your own pizza or pick from their menu . Many toppings to choose from . Pizza was baked to perfection and crust was delicious .
23. First time here and everyone was really friendly . The food came out fairly speedy and taste GREAT ! Happy hour is such a great deal and very affordable for all us college students ! ! ! Would definitely recommend to all my roomies and friends ! Can 't wait to come back .
24. My pie pizza is an incredibly open and friendly atmosphere . I come here not only because it is close to my house , but because I enjoy the people that work here . Keep it up !
25. Quick and easy . A decent corner shop that I 'll visit during my low days for a pick me up . Clean.Semi-quiet. Free wifi , if you need a quick place to get something done .
26. Nice customer service , quick , clean , and fantastic food ! Even when it 's rush hour it 's great !
27. Okay pizza for grabbing a quick bite . Cashier won 't tell you if happy hours are going on ( happy hours go from 3 to 6 pm ) .