Product ID: Geg9W1SFhY9GWz8up0Cpmw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, the reviews of the product were positive, with people finding the food to be moist and tasty, and the blue devil sandwich in particular being noted as a standout dish. Some reviewers found the atmosphere and service to be lacking, but said that the food made up for it. One reviewer said that the restaurant was filthy and the food was salty and awful, but this was in the minority.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews were positive overall, with people praising the food and atmosphere. The fish and chips, barbecue sandwich, and beef brisket were all singled out as being particularly good. The only negative comment was about the fish, which was said to be "so so."
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
It has a nice pub atmosphere and the staff was friendly and good .
Sad to say they closed permanently on April 30 , 2015Great food and really great service .
I don ' t like chain restaurants so this place was a great find .
It was filthy and the food was salty and awful .
Atmosphere and service lacked a bit , but food makes up for it .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The Yelp reviews of this product were mostly positive, with people praising the food, service, and atmosphere. There were a few negative reviews, however, with people complaining about the food being salty and terrible, and the atmosphere being dirty and filthy. Overall, though, the reviews were positive and people seemed to really enjoy the product.

****** Reviews ******
1. Stopped here after shopping at concord mills . Ate the blue devil sandwich and tavern fries . The food was good . Would definitely eat here again if I 'm in the area .
2. I am visiting the area . I don 't like chain restaurants so this place was a great find . I had the beer can chicken . Moist and tasty . Great green beans and mash potatoes leaving one to desire seconds . Happy to have discovered !
3. Came here for lunch with my family while traveling . It was filthy and the food was salty and awful .
4. Ordered the DY Cheesesteak and Fish and Chips ... And cleaned our plates . Best cheesesteak in town . Bar none . Atmosphere and service lacked a bit , but food makes up for it .
5. First time eating here . Club sandwich is good . Fries are not my favorite but ok . Service is good . Natalie the bartender is pleasant and attentive . Will defintely be back .
6. In town for the race and we were driving around looking for lunch and happened upon this place . I had fish and chips that were great . My buddy had a barbecue sandwich and he said it was very good . It has a nice pub atmosphere and the staff was friendly and good . I would recommend it and come back again .
7. Excellent DYs cheesesteak . Best I 've ever had . I go out of my way to stop here and get the cheesesteak . The Nachos are great to order and share too , if you 're not too hungry .
8. Best wings in my neighborhood of Highland Creek . Good BBQ and great atmosphere . Try the smoke wings .
9. Sad to say they closed permanently on April 30 , 2015Great food and really great service . The beef brisket is amazing . Great fried pickles. great wings . Fish , so so stick with the beef , pork and chicken . One of our favorite restaurants an so so so much better the the chain restaurants