Product ID: ICWQfTi_Dvo723ZJicR8Vw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviewers generally liked the store and found it to be clean and well-stocked. They were also pleased with the variety of Filipino food available. However, some reviewers found the meat and seafood to be of poor quality, and the vegetables to be not fresh. Additionally, the check-out process was criticized for being slow and congested.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was good, with friendly staff and good prices. However, some reviewers found the check-out process to be slow, and some found the prices to be higher than average. Additionally, some reviewers were put off by the handling of live crabs, which they found to be unhygienic.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
A nice and clean supermarket with a complete variety of Filipino food .
It has a bakery with hot bread and in many ways surpasses seafood city .
It 's the alternative to traveling across the city to another seafood market .
I love Asian market and i come here alot .
I like Filipino food don ' t get me wrong only if they improve their service .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The product was generally well-liked, with customers praising its cleanliness, variety, and convenience. However, some customers noted that the prices were higher than average, and that the customer service could be improved. One reviewer found the staff to be friendly and the prices to be reasonable, but was disappointed with the food. Another reviewer had a negative experience with the staff, finding them to be unprofessional and unhygienic. Overall, the product seems to be reasonably priced and of good quality, but with some potential improvements to be made in terms of customer service.

****** Reviews ******
1. Friendly staff , good prices , and reminds me of home : ) The guys at the butcher area work fast too . I go for fresh , sweet young coconuts and fresh fish .
2. This place is ok because it 's closer than other Asian markets but it always takes 30 minutes to check out . The only really good thing is the Bread Republic inside the market .
3. It was nice and clean and had all the needs we wanted on the trip . We had some good as well at their restaurant and it was nicely priced and authentic . If I 'm back in Vegas I will go back .
4. A nice and clean supermarket with a complete variety of Filipino food . It is not as big and complete as the other market by Maryland but ur has all the essentials you need . Pricier by 5-10 % more too but less hassle due to area is not congested . I would surely come back to shop here again .
5. My cousin has them cater her baby shower Nd it was pretty good . Only thing I can say is the lumpia wasn 't crispy but there was a whole tray . So it may have been the way they reheated them . I 'd eat it again !
6. So as I was waiting for my fish to be cleaned this older gentlemen was using his bare hands to pick up live crabs . After being bit by one he started to bleed . He then continued to dig through the crabs with his bloody hand . DISGUSTING ! ! ! ! We will never come back here again
7. They 've have bad customer service . I like Filipino food don 't get me wrong only if they improve their service . I 'm happy to come back .
8. Their fish , pork , are not fresh . So be Leary.Also they are expensive compared to others like Kusina .
9. My wife loves this place . It 's the alternative to traveling across the city to another seafood market . It has a bakery with hot bread and in many ways surpasses seafood city . It 's at Durango and Tropicana and less than 10 minutes from our house .
10. I love Asian market and i come here alot . It is always busy . I deducted 2 stars because # 1 the isles are narrow and there is not knowing where the line starts when your ready to check out . # 2 sometimes there fruits and veggies are a hit or miss kinda thing on freshness . Oh , their food court is pretty good .
11. i bought sour sap juice that was open. too many flies in the whole place. be careful with buying meat here because my friend 's mom bought beef bones here and they were so bad that it stinked up their house. i also had a coworker who bought chicken here and after an hour of cooking it was still pink and he threw it away .
12. This particular location is smaller so not that many options compared to other stores but nonetheless it has the main Asian ingredients you 'd pick up there . The fish department doesn 't have a variety as well in fish but appreciate the fried / cleaning station they provide . Sadly they don 't sell alcohol there that goes with the fired fish
13. I will not find any food anywhere in the world island pacific can make me so inspired . I love their paksiw na lechon .
14. This review if for the belly lechon I ordered . First time for me to order this specialty and they did not disappoint . You picked it up not sliced . It was the hit in the party ! Crispy skin and the flavor was awesome . They just made it right . Not salty at all .
15. They have all types of fish . They will clean it and fry it for you . Any type of meat you can think of ! ! Check this place out ! ! !
16. This place is like Seafood city bit not as crowded . Still gets pretty busy but not like SC . This is a grocery geared toward the Filipino crowd but is a good overall Asian grocery store . Good variety of product . Prices are fair . Also serve up some good Filipino food . Nice clean location and parking can get busy just like SC . Will come again
17. Not particularly clean , and the bananas I got weren 't very good--already ripe and bruised . Not impressed .
18. New market in town and they have a great selection of fish and produce ! ! ! Very clean store and staff is knowledgeable
19. I go here for the Filipino snacks and dry goods . Be careful of the meat and seafood you buy . Some of the meat looks like it shouldn 't even be sold . The bakery has good warm pandesal , their siopao I wouldn 't buy again . The only thing , I buy from the lil restaurant is the jeprox .
20. It 's smaller than the one in Panorama City , but basically has the same stuff . It 's cute though also sell rabbit and frog legs if one is adventures enough to eat those item 's .
21. i used to come here for their freshly baked yummy ( BIG ) pandesal. not only it 's gotten a lot smaller , the price has doubled too ! ! so disappointed ! never going to buy pandesal here ever again ! ! im going back to valerios ! ! !
22. Being Asian , I frequent Asian markets in Las Vegas . I have had the chance to compare the selection and prices at IP as well as other markets on Spring Mountain Rd and find that the selection is greater and prices are lower at the other markets . However , for Filipino items , IP has a far greater selection .
23. New market in town and they have a great selection of fish and produce ! ! ! Very clean store and staff is knowledgeable
24. If I eat there I always get sick and my belly always hurt I don 't know why ? .......... : . :
25. The breakfast is soo good ! The lady that serves it is very nice ! I also like the egg rolls , halo halo , bbq 'd chicken and pork skewers .
26. They got everything most Filipinos need . No more long drive to seafood city . Fresh fish and meat , veggies and a lot more . They also have a fast food and a Bakeshop that will open soon . Thank you Island Pacific
27. This Asian / Filipino grocery store well stocked to meet all your cooking needs and they even cook it for you . Great selection of fish / meats and a deli / restaurant too Located on the southwest of Las Vegas-two other stores opening soon !
28. Good produce prices and meat prices ! Excited that this is close to where I live . Fresh food and bread bakery area and the fish market offers u the option of getting your fish fries on the spot .
29. It 's a Filipino supermarket . Little dirty international cheap low grade products and a little pricey . If you 're into Filipino products this is the place to go . But it 's a little overpriced .
30. I love coming here with Mom and checking out all the fish . Good lord do they have a nice selection . I love that there 's Filipino food buffet style ready to eat here too .
31. Great supermarket , even greater Filipino restaurant inside ! Always come here to get my Filipino fix : ) They give pretty decent size portions and the cost is low ! My boyfriend and I shared a huge combo lunch with chicken adobo , deep fried lechon , dinuguan , and some rice for only $ 11 bucks ! This place is a gem .
32. Finally , a new filipino market on the west side ! . Really good selections of cafeteria style filipino food and reasonable pricing for groceries . I spotted some rare delicacies available as well for a steal . Definitely coming back !
33. I love coming to this market ! The food in the food court is really cheap and they 're delicious ! Also , they have goldilocks bakery now : ) so I don 't have to go all the way by seafood city to get my sweet tooth fix ; ) Their snacks are affordable as well
34. This place just opened recently and gotta say I love it . It 's similar to Seafood city . A wide variety of seafood , fresh fruits and vegetables , Asian food products and they also have a bakery and a restaurant . Prices are affordable and customer service is ok . Gonna be going here with my mom more often now that this place opened up !
35. Loved the grocery store and bakery secretion but the cooked food was just ok . There was lots of fat on the oxtail in the Kare Kare . More fat than meat . The pancit was just ok for me also . The melon drink was really good though .
36. nice grocery and nice eatery , as a one stop shop. it 's a smaller grocery neighbor place and glad to have one of these closer to my side of town .
37. Little smaller than SC and no JB 's but I 'd rather save myself the drive and go to Island Pacific . Less crowds much much nicer area . The dining is good and very reasonably priced . At this point I can 't see a reason to go to SC .
38. I 'm so happy to have a market close to me . More options than driving up and around traffic for filipino eats ! ! ! it was a great idea to add a grill and bake fresh bread , but I just feel they tried to pack too much in this space . Soo good eats , convenient grocery , clean fish to take home ... highly recommend .
39. We stopped by to pick up dinner from the in store cafeteria . We brought pork belly , grilled squid , pancit , and pork kabobs . We also picked up some sweet deserts . Everything were delicious . We plan to return to try more goodness from the cafeteria .
40. Though the supermarket maybe more than adequate , the fastfood section ( turoturo ) leaves much to be desired . Sadly their pork bbq- meat was tough , more than necessary fat and lacking in taste as compared to Grill City inside Seafood City .
41. ( review for food counter only ) - they have a pretty good spread of food choices but they need to work on their food rating. currently a C rating ... eew !
42. Vegetables are not fresh . The meat and seafood section is ok , just go here because it 's close to home but if looking for freshness , it 's not a place to shop !
43. I really love this place it 's clean and they have almost everything that l need for my Asian cooking and more. l feel like I 'm back home .
44. Love this place ! They have good deals weekly and the filipino restaurant there is delicious ! My family and me always go here when we want to either cook or just grab something to eat . Also what I like about it is that it 's not too crowded like other places . And the workers there are nice and helpful . We will continue to go here .
45. 2 cashiers when the store is packed ! Terrible management here ..... I suggest that everyone go to Seafood City at Arroyo Crossing .... they employ more than 2 cashiers .