Product ID: m3zRh5muWW8SuqHDi857tA

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The vast majority of reviewers said that they had a great experience at South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital. They praised the staff for being friendly and professional, the doctors for being knowledgeable and thorough, and the facilities for being clean and well-equipped. A few reviewers mentioned that the prices were a bit high, but most said that they felt the quality of care was worth the cost. Overall, reviewers said that they would recommend this hospital to others.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product was reviewed positively by most people. They said that it was convenient, clean, and had a friendly staff. They also said that the veterinarians were very knowledgeable and that the product was reasonably priced.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
I love the level of care my animals have received over the last two days .
We absolutely love South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital and all the staff there !
I was very pleased how they took good care of my baby who had a cold .
Staff are super friendly .
The Vet and staff are very friendly .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers seem happy with the level of care and service provided by South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital. They appreciate the friendly staff, quick service, and reasonable pricing. There are a few mention of the vet (Dr. Bivens) specifically, who is praised for being great with animals and providing helpful suggestions.

****** Reviews ******
1. Dr. Bivens rocks . I love the level of care my animals have received over the last two days . Also , they have feeders on the side of the building for hummingbirds . That just puts them over the top for me . Thank you for everything !
2. Always love when my pets visit dr . Bivens I know they will be in best condition . That is why I travel across the valley to see him because he is worth it
3. You all have been so great helping out this first-time kitty mom . She 's turning 1 year old tmrw and you all play a big part in a very happy and healthy kitty ( she will always be a kitty to me ! ) ! ! ! Thank you ! !
4. Dr. A A Ron was awesome : ) . I was very pleased how they took good care of my baby who had a cold . Thank you guys ! Sorry Doctor I don 't remember your last name but your first name was Aaron .
5. Always great to my dog . Appointments run on time and the doctor always makes suggestions - not pushy like other vets who often try to push products .
6. Had a great experience . Came in with no appointment and my cat was diagnosed and prescribed medications effectively and quickly . Was in and out in an hour . Staff are super friendly . Will be my new veterinarian .
7. We absolutely love South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital and all the staff there ! They are great with communication and scheduling and always reasonable with pricing . Actually , during all of our puppy visits , I felt they were under charging us : ) This is a wonderful place to maintain your pets health ! We 're so glad to have you in our neighborhood !
8. The Vet and staff are very friendly . Great price for a Sunday emergency procedure done on my doggy . Since my normal vet ( Aloha ) was closed , I ended up here . I just might be switching now . They gave me a tour of the place , I really like it .
9. So happy we found a new vet ! We were so nervous because we had just moved to this area and had no idea where to start going but we love it here . They always get us in quick and our dogs love them as well .
10. Dr. Thompson was very friendly . The staff was as well . Brand new facility . I loved it . Will definitely go back .
11. Not happy with this place , won 't be bringing my dogs back . The staff at the front isn 't the friendliest for starters , service is slow and expensive . I got a quote to get my two dogs fixed , almost $ 600 .... YEAH RIGHT ! And one of my dogs is a small Boston terrier , craziness .
12. This vet started out strong but has let me down on a couple of occasions . Today I brought my dogs in for a spa day . $ 50 for a bath , nail trim and teeth brushing . I 'm questioning all of it . My dogs beard is still brown and dirty and my others dogs teeth were not cleaned at all - see photo
13. Very happy here , I am a new pet owner and they were very friendly , helpful and welcoming . Only needed a well check up and shots very reasonable ( or in my opinion ) . Bella will be going back for sure .
14. Very fast service ! We called ahead and they saw us right away , The pricing was very affordable and our pet really liked the staff.Thanks guys ! : )
15. I definitely recommend using this place best place ever . Our old veterinarian closed and we didn 't know what to do for my poor baby . He needed immediate attention and they worked with us on making sure our dog got the care he needed . Everyone was amazing and very caring and friendly . Loved the veterinarian that attended to our fur baby . Thank you so much
16. Everyone there is always so very helpful . Thank you very much for helping me keep Bella happy and healthy . This first time kitty mom couldn 't do it without your help ! !
17. We love this place ! We have 3 pups and they 're very well taken care of every time we visit . They are always seen on time and the vets are really thorough with our animals .
18. Everything was perfect , very impressed with the doctor and the staff ! The follow up call sold me , I appreciate excellent customer service and y 'all have it ! Thank you !
19. Clean and great friendly services . The doctor was very nice . They were very accommodating and they are open 7 days a week , which is so fantastic . I would recommend this place .
20. Been to this Vet 3 times and every time I 'm there I 'm seen 45 minutes to an hour and a half after the appointments that I 've made . Why schedule appointments if their patients are treated as first come first serve ?
21. Friendly staff and reasonably priced . Very clean waiting area and exam rooms . I will bring my other pets here !
22. Very welcoming office here , my own vet for many years for any issue cannot see me until a week later . This vet was able to see my pup with a slight burn / skin irritation in 15'minutes or less waiting in the office . Willing to drive out of the way here the vet was very friendly and accepting .
23. As the new owner of two young puppies ( one with serious health issues ) , I compared all of the local veterinarians . With Dr. Bivens and the South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital , we have found a vet for life . With a very pleasant and professional staff , it is a great place to do business with and receive excellent care for your pets .
24. Dr. Bivens and Dr. Anderson are wonderful people and highly proficient practitioners . We won 't take our pups anywhere else .
25. Very friendly staff , they were able to get me an appointment same day for my dog . The doctor was very thorough and never rushed us . The clinic itself is brand new and clean . I would recommend this place for your pets
26. DR , Allen was amazing and the staff was great . Would highly recommend this clinic for your animals needs .
27. As the new owner of two young puppies ( one with serious health issues ) , I compared all of the local veterinarians . With Dr. Bivens and the South Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital , we have found a vet for life . With a very pleasant and professional staff , it is a great place to do business with and receive excellent care for your pets .
28. This is the greatest veterinarian / Hospital office I 've ever been to . Doctor Bevins Dr.Allen Dr.Anderson are the kindest and most caring I 've ever come across . There services are never over priced . Thank you everyone at South Buffalo Hospital !
29. We had such a great experience when we took our French bulldog for a check up . The front desk staff , and vet were so nice . Very happy I found this place .
30. Had a great experience here . Front desk staff is nice and helpful . The doctors are great too . Nice and clean just freezing but it 's probably for germs .
31. This animal hospital is the best . They truly care about you and your pet . I moved here from PA and was nervous about finding the right vet . I 'm sure glad I chose them .
32. The things I loved most about this place is that is convenient , clean , & has a friendly staff . I couldn 't be more happier with the way Dr. Bivens treated my dog !
33. Super professional staff ! They take great care of my dogs . Veterinarians are very knowledgeable . I 'm an owner of a pet sitting service here in Las Vegas . I have recommended West Buffalo Springs Animal Hospital to some of my clients . They have had great experiences as well .
34. Left in a small no a / c cube room ( 4-6 ft ) 2 hours , no air.almost $ 200 for a rabies vaccination , Yelled at by an crabby staff . Overpriced like the Wynn hotel . Terrible hurtful staff.Never Go ! Have to even go back for their Forgetfull OUCH !
35. Stopped in for a appointment for my new pup , clean environment , professional service . I end up bringing my mother 's dog for a check up . Will continue to use this vet .
36. kudos to south buffalo springs animal hospital . My doberman was viciously attacked and in less than three days my dog is now out of danger and its due to the superior care and fast decisions by the staff of this hospital . As pet owners sometimes we take vets for granted until we need miracles so switch to south buffalo today for your veterinary needs !
37. I could not say enough positive and wonderful things about Dr. Bivens and his staff . Kind , caring and reassuring . I would recommend them to everyone . Thank you for saving our puppy . You couldn 't find a better Vet . He put my mind at ease .
38. Love this place ! ! ! ! ! Staff was professional and friendly ! Dr Biven was patient and kind ! The waiting area is clean and they were very thorough with their examinations . Highly recommended !
39. Dr Bivins very caring and attentive .. we take our two dogs there .. so far just shots and check ups .. but I 'm very particular about treatment and they are very good with our dogs .. also very thorough . The atmosphere is nice .. very clean .
40. Not sure where to begin ... this place is just top notch . I recommend Dr Aaron Bivens , to all my friends and family . He helped our senior doberman pincher thru her last days and now will be seeing our new pup ! Not sure what else to say other than give these professionals a chance , you won 't regret it !
41. Dr. Anderson is very sweet and knowledgeable . She was able to help me with my puppy 's stomach problems . Cost is comparable to other vets and all pet owners should know that fur babies are expensive ! But everything was reasonable and staff is very understanding .
42. I called this Vet on 3 separate occasions to schedule an appointment for my GSD . Each time I was put on hold and THAT 'S WHERE I STAYED . One time I gave up after 10 mins another was 17mins and the final time was 12mins . If they treat you this bad just over the phone I could only imagine how they treat you In person .
43. Thanks to Dr. Bivens and his team for the safe delivery of my family 's 7 puppies and taking good care of our Bella ! Wonderful caring staff and attentive .
44. dr bivens and his staff consistently provide thoughtful , caring and thorough care for my dog ( s ) .I 'm grateful for their kindness and gentle treatment and professional veterinary care.I highly recommend buffalo springs animal hospital for both boarding and veterinary care .
45. I followed Dr Bivens across the valley from his old veterinarian practice . He is the best in the business hands down and the nicest person you 'll ever meet . My dog means the world to me and I know that he feels the same way about each pet he treats . This practice is a stunning facility state-of-the-art sure !