Product ID: NdQzxU4hHk25mUoltnw4wg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people finding the restaurant overpriced and others enjoying the food and finding it a good value. The service was generally praised, as was the atmosphere.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews of the product were mixed, with some people thinking it was overpriced and just okay, and others thinking it was worth the price and loved it.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Very good service and a variable menu .
I don ' t think the restuarant fits the description and the layout is odd .
Very expensive for what we got a total of 3 entrees and the food wasn ' t good and it wasn ' t bad it was just okay .
The menu between lunch and dinner is extremely different .
First off , it was very overpriced for what you got .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the service was good, but the food was just okay. They thought it was expensive for what you got, and some found the menu to be overwhelming.

****** Reviews ******
1. New place so I will write another if we go again . First off , it was very overpriced for what you got . I don 't think the restuarant fits the description and the layout is odd . The menu between lunch and dinner is extremely different . Loved local business and will always try but was not too impressed . Will definitely give it another try though .
2. It was just ok . Overpriced . Not busy . Owner just stood there with his hands in his pockets all night . IMO he should be connecting with guests and building connections to secure some kind of equity with the guests . Wine is short poured .
3. A local gem . Wife 's seafood pasta " awesome " . My tuna very different but good . Will be back .
4. Delicious brunch . Prime rib perfect , all you can Mimosas , and more . All I can say is Im full and happy ! Price at 25 bucks is worth every dollar . Bonus no wait !
5. Wasn 't very satisfied with the food . Very expensive for what we got a total of 3 entrees and the food wasn 't good and it wasn 't bad it was just okay . I 'll stick to another restaurant that I like closer .
6. Very good service and a variable menu . Soft opening right now but expecting big things . Enjoyed the time there . Dylan did a great job . Very knowledgeable .
7. We really enjoyed the evening at Vilka Bistro . From the hostess pleasant greeting until signing the check , total experience was very good ! Our server was delightful . The food was very good , and there was a lot to choose from without it being overwhelming . Everything came to the table at the right temperature . The service was excellent . We highly recommend this restaurant !
8. Really nice ! The food was super good ! I had the chicken bacon gouda sandwich and it was amazing ! ! Definitely coming back ! Bartender was really nice too !
9. Very nice , the bar is trendy and relaxing . One of the nicest in the local area . They have local whiskeys and brew which is really nice . I only had two appetizers the pork tacos were bomb very good and the millennium chicken that was good basic but good . I definitely can 't wait to go again .