Product ID: oQg9JbKz7T1Zmm6GW1plrQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews for House of Mei were mostly positive, with reviewers praising the food and service. However, some reviewers found the food to be average or bland, and there were also complaints about the wait time and price.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product received mostly positive reviews, with people enjoying the food and finding it to be a great value. However, there were also some complaints about the service, including long wait times and confusion at the counter. Some people also found the food to be bland and lacking in flavor. Overall, the reviewers thought that the food was excellent, the atmosphere was clean and friendly, and the restaurant was a great overall experience.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Very casual Food was awesome and with large portions great for trying out food with a group .
Great food , poor service .
5 stars all the way !
Great food , and service !
Been here half a dozen haven ' t had a bad dish solid appetizers good service must be a small staff I 've always had the same waitress I 've only gone for lunch never been disappointed with my meal good food at reasonable prices
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, the reviews are mixed. Some people loved the food and thought it was great value, while others found it to be bland and unimpressive. There were also complaints about the service, including long wait times and poor communication from staff.

****** Reviews ******
1. Great food , and service ! Very casual Food was awesome and with large portions great for trying out food with a group .
2. Sorry House of meh , but serving chicken trash as General Tso 's is unacceptable. those hard super chewy tough chicken bits in a bland sweet sauce was an insult ( takeout ) .
3. If House of Mei is wrong , i don 't want to be right . Govenor 's ChickenChicken Lo MeinGrilled PotstickersSpicy veggie Fried RiceEggrollsShrimp RangoonAll Delish !
4. Been here half a dozen haven 't had a bad dish solid appetizers good service must be a small staff I 've always had the same waitress I 've only gone for lunch never been disappointed with my meal good food at reasonable prices
5. Best Chinese food in the area ! After having it one time , we were hooked and would not order from anywhere else . Friendly service and ready for pick-up promptly . 5 stars all the way !
6. Food was pretty good . Wait time was horrible today ... I 've never seen the place so busy and un- organized ... i felt bad for the women at the counter as she was very very busy but also very confused . I only had the wonton soup , very good and flavorful ... but they need better staff .
7. Great food , poor service . Just picked up an order for lettuce wraps and three eggs rolls .. Was over charged and the cashier didn 't understand English well enough to comprehend what we were trying to explain ... Ended up just giving up and paying . Next time we 'll order online to avoid the miscommunication and pay the correct prices .
8. Not too impressed . I gave it a second chance on Saturday but was disappointed again . Flavorless , even the spicy dishes . The place has zero atmosphere and personality . Bright lights are annoying and it is understaffed . Cannot recommend it .
9. Excellent food ! Clean and friendly atmosphere . They have an excellent website that allows customers to order on line and your order is ready when you arrive . We have only had carry out , have not dined in but it looks like a very comfortable place to dine in as well . Excellent all around !
10. I loved this place ! Friends of ours took us here and the first thing I noticed was that it was clean , which is always a bonus . The women was very nice and the food was great . It tasted very fresh ! Would make the extra 15 minute drive to pick this up !
11. House Of Meii is constantly above average in their food and service . Very friendly and welcoming staff . A very diverse menu and excellent prices for quality & fresh ingredients . They welcome substitution requests , and want to make sure you are satisfied with your dining experience . Great place for sit down or take out . Either way you will be pleasantly surprised .
12. I ate here for the first time on Saturday and I must say it was very good , . the place was very clean , the service was great . Nice sized portions you get a lot . I will definitely be back again . Loved it ! ! !
13. Wow authentic Chinese food in sun prairie ! We didnt think it would be good but this place blew us away ! I highly recommend !
14. I was excited to try this play because of the raving reviews , but I found it to be rather average . It wasn 't the best I 've ever had nor was it gross . It was just " typical . " The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly , though !
15. My favorite Chinese take-out food place ! The egg rolls are the best ever . I have never been disappointed with my food and we have been going there for years . I recommend it greatly ! !
16. Absolutely delicious ! My wife and I have been here three times now and have been totally satisfied each time . I always order the house chicken ( sweet , mildly spicy , high quality chicken ) . Word to the wise , one entree is enough for two people ! ! Also , try the grilled potstickers ... you 'll be happy you did !
17. Very clean , nice looking decor . Polite and fast Waitress . Okay food . Beware of the sample platter . The pork on ours tasted nasty .
18. Ordered the szechuan beef and chicken egg roll at lunch and it was bland and they gave me a vegetable egg roll ! There is a reason this place is empty at lunch time - overpriced , long wait for my dish , and below average bland food !