Product ID: P8tA3A_P5lnGS5EdLQSu1w

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product was praised for its ability to resolve urinary issues and for the competence of its office staff. However, some reviewers noted that the staff can be unprofessional and that the product can be difficult to get ahold of. Overall, the product was rated highly by reviewers.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews of the product were mixed, with some people finding it to be effective and others finding it to be ineffective. There were also complaints about the staff being rude and unprofessional. Overall, it seems that the product itself works for some people but that the staff leaves something to be desired.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
He doesn ' t care about his patients and neither does his staff .
If you plan on being seen here make sure you have a quality medical malpractice lawyer on hand because you will need it .
Az urologist wants their patience to sign a promise if they are late for an appointment they will pay $ 100.00 for being late .
I have never seen a level of incompetence as I have with this office .
So if the Dr 's are late for your appointment do you get a $ 100.00 NO !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of the product are mostly negative, with patients complaining about the staff, scheduling, and lack of professionalism. Some patients did say that the product itself was good, but that the overall experience was marred by the poor service.

****** Reviews ******
1. I wanted to personally thank Dr. Daitch for handling my case in such an outstanding manner . All the urinary issues that I had lived with for so many years were completely resolved - 100 % with the TURP procedure he performed . So , thank you , Dr Daitch .
2. Office staff is deplorable . Scheduler was on phone talking about her work schedule and kids ; kept me waiting then I was an inconvenient interruption to her call . Will be finding another physician with competent staff
3. Dr Woodruff is wonderful but do not expect much-in fact , expect very little-from the staff . It took 2 weeks and multiple phone calls to finally receive test results . One is definitely made to feel like little more than a number with this office .
4. Unable to get through to Dr. Daitch when he 's needed . He doesn 't care about his patients and neither does his staff . If you plan on being seen here make sure you have a quality medical malpractice lawyer on hand because you will need it .
5. Az urologist wants their patience to sign a promise if they are late for an appointment they will pay $ 100.00 for being late . So if the Dr 's are late for your appointment do you get a $ 100.00 NO ! There are other urologist in the area that are more professional .
6. Dr. Bootwala was the best , I can 't thank her enough for all she did for me from start to finish ..... Which included surgery
7. I have never seen a level of incompetence as I have with this office . They drop the ball each and every time . I was referred by my primary care physician . After having dealt with them a few times , I started asking around about them . Evidently , 2 of my friends had similar experiences.Do yourself a favor . Find another group .
8. I would highly recommend Dr. Scott Cheney . He is one of the most compassionate doctors I have ever met . My husband had prostate cancer and surgery and almost two years later is doing fine . The follow up care was really great . I also have been a patient here as well and have done very well . Dr. Cheney really cares about all his patients .
9. Dr. Daitch was very pleasant to work with . I would recommend them especially if you have state insurance like myself .