Product ID: QIQIhg0qGxKUMXaENiehCA

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product is good, with friendly staff and down-home feel. The food takes a bit long, but is worth the wait. The burgers and fries are the best in town.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviewers seem to enjoy the food at Sonny's, especially the burgers and fries. They appreciate that it is a family-owned business that has been around for many years, and they find the food to be fresh and of good quality. Some reviewers mention that the service can be slow, but they feel that the food is worth the wait.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
It is clean and the people are friendly .
It is convenient to where I work .
Service is friendly and portions are plenty .
No where can you find a better hotdog , fries compliment either chili dog or Carolina hamburger .
If you 're looking for a good , cheap burger and you happen to be in town , this is the place to be !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The product is generally well-liked, with people praising the quality of the burgers, fries, and chili. Some people find the store itself unappealing, but most people seem to overlook that in favor of the food. There is some criticism of the long wait times, but overall people seem to be happy with the product.

****** Reviews ******
1. It is clean and the people are friendly . Good Prices . It is convenient to where I work . Food takes a bit long , though , in my opinion . So I preorder over the phone and pick it up /
2. I 've been coming here for years . It is hard for me to get past their Cheesburger with mustard , chili and onions . Get the home fries and a bottle of Cheerwine and you can die happy .
3. The burger is really good . It 's my 3rd favorite in Rock Hill behind Legal Remedy and Flipside . The store is less than appealing . It feels very family run . If you want a good burger and it 's close , I recommend it .
4. Loved this place . Their down home feel is great . We had a hamburger , hot dog and french fries . Great chili ! ! ! ! ! !
5. Love the burgers and home cut fries ! This place is family owned and has been for over 50 years . My grandfather introduced me to Sonnys and now my kids go there .. Hard to find these kind of places anymore .. Love love love it !
6. If you 're looking for a good , cheap burger and you happen to be in town , this is the place to be ! I love the Big Ben burger here and would recommend this place to anyone ! It may be a little homely inside , but I like it !
7. Awesome fresh food ! I love this place . They even us the local delivery service which make it even better .
8. A Rock Hill landmark . No where can you find a better hotdog , fries compliment either chili dog or Carolina hamburger . Service is friendly and portions are plenty .
9. Best Burger and fries in town ! ! The fresh hand cut fries are my favorite . Friendly staff with great food . I have not had anything bad from this place , although it 's hard to order anything other than the Cheeseburger and fries . Only complaint is it takes a little long to get your food but well worth the wait ! !