Product ID: Qor28v4BlhSwtN8DSvah9g

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the food was good, but that the service could be improved. Some reviewers also thought that the prices were a bit high.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the food at this restaurant was good, but that the prices were high and the service was poor. There were also complaints about the quality of the food and the rudeness of the cashiers.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Awesome carne asada tacos , burritos , carna asada fries and horchata !
But this time the carne asada tacos and the asada fries were just freaking awesome .
Yummy asada fries .
Customer service by Claudia is always the best.Asada fries were delicious .
Muy mal servicio , duramos mas de 50 minutos esperando para que nps sirvieran unos tacos y quesadilla de Pollo.Creo que fueron a matar y desplar al pollo.Y ademas cobran muy caro como si fuera in servicio de 5 estrellas .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviewers loved the carne asada tacos, burritos, and fries, as well as the chiles toreados. They thought the service was fast and friendly, and that the prices were reasonable. The salsas and aguas frescas were also delicious.

****** Reviews ******
1. Delicious menudo and they for sure have the beat pasada fries ! ! ! Delicious salsas and aguas frescas too ! ! !
2. Muy mal servicio , duramos mas de 50 minutos esperando para que nps sirvieran unos tacos y quesadilla de Pollo.Creo que fueron a matar y desplar al pollo.Y ademas cobran muy caro como si fuera in servicio de 5 estrellas .
3. Yummy asada fries . Customer service by Claudia is always the best.Asada fries were delicious . Claudia is the best cashier ! The chiles toreados are by far the best in town . One of the best taco shops in Vegas .
4. I 'm assuming it 's the chef . But this time the carne asada tacos and the asada fries were just freaking awesome . This time I give it a 5 star . Let 's hope next time it will be the same : ) !
5. I love this restaurant and this location in particular . The food , the friendly bilingual staff and the speedy service make it a great place to eat . A relaxed atmosphere for enjoying a delicious , filling meal
6. Awesome carne asada tacos , burritos , carna asada fries and horchata ! Even though its not the prettiest place or area of town its worth it ! They make everything there and they have fresh toppings for your food .
7. No Es mentira que Los Carne Asada Fries son los mejores de Las Vegas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Dios bendiga a pepes tacos !
8. Good tacos al pastor and pinaple water ! ! The cashier very nice and kind ! ! Prices are very ship , very clean place ! !
9. Beat food HANDS DOWN ! Roberto 's ain 't got NOTHING on this place . Order late night though , they have the best customer service and food . Whoever the cooks are at that time , the food is DELICIOUS ! We always oder the bean and cheese / rice burrito , carne asada fries
10. Worst tacos ever . Makes me sad . In LA . There are better places in skid row . People . Stop giving these people your money these are not good at all .
11. Open 24 hours , great food and friendly staff . If your looking for a Place to eat after midnight this is the spot highly recommend . * * * * *
12. I usually don 't eat Mex food , but i will eat here. only the tacos tho. sometimes they don 't chop up the carne asada enough and i 'm chewing big hunks of meat. but overall they 're good. the pork ones are also .
13. I 'm originally from Cali and verrrry picky about my Mexican food . So when I came to visit my sister she over 2 yrs ago we came to Pepes . And I was like YES ! ! ! My asada burritos ALWAYS HAVE SOOOO MUCH MEAT IN THEM ! ! ! The horchata is pretty good always . Last week my boyfriend order asada tacos and loved them .
14. The attitude from the Spanish lady in front of the cashier the chubby one or the fat one was really rude and the tacos I believe that is the worse or maybe the worst I ever had on this establishmentI will maybe come back or maybe not The tacos was super burned The meet very hard ! ! ! I don 't even know why they can serve this crap
15. Since I am vegetarian I usually always order beans in replacement of meat at Mexican cuisines . That being said Pepes tacos has the most delicious beans which always enhances every dish I order . I am a big fan of the Mexican cuisines and this one of my favorite taquerias .
16. The lady that took our order needs customer service skills . The food is very expensive considering the way we were treated . I will never go back .
17. Food was okay not the best I got the asada plate . I 've had better food . My flour totrilla was hard and hard to pull apart . I definitely believe that ths place is great for tacos but not a fan of the other food .
18. ordered a fish taco.didn 't expect a whole fish , bones and all in my taco.when i openned the to go box i saw a fish looking up at me. it scared me to the point i dropped the box and screamed.i would not recommend .. they never honor their coupons that they print out
19. The super burrito was delicious ! I was visiting from Florida and craved Mexican food . Great fast Mexican food . Fast service . Eat in or take out . Building is old but good food . Will be back .
20. I mean seriously ? ! ? ! ? This food is so perfect ! The price , the quantity and well ..... Locations could be better but I get it .... It 's a demographic thing . Carne asada tacos are super . Go there.The end .
21. Yummy yummy carne asada fries ! ! ! ! Tacos were okay I like the guacamole it was fresh and had a lot of flavor . Not the fanciest taco places but definitely good for your taste buds ! !
22. I go here whenever I don 't want to cook . LOL : ) It 's really good . A little pricey , but good . My husband always gets the pastor burrito and is always good ! I get a something different when I go and everything is always good . : )
23. Oh so good ! And dirt cheap . We couldve eaten 3 a piece , but a single taco each was a great little midafternoon snack to sustain us until our late dinner . Delicious tortillas and meats , a nice bar of toppings to add as you wish .
24. Best Mexican food in Las Vegas ! Super authentic just like my grandmas and aunts cooking . Chile rellenos are amazing ! I highly recommend their pineapple drink . Very tasty and my favorite drink We go almost every weekend . The kids love it too ! Highly recommended ! Friendly staff !
25. The lady 's here are disrespectful and always have an attitude . We were given food with a hair in it and they came they didn 't see anything . I asked for my money back . Never coming back to this location
26. Best carne asada in Vegas . The burritos are massive . Nice variety in the menu . Definitely light years ahead of Roberto 's and other Mexican fast food places .
27. Good food , good prices . The horchata is a little watered down , but if you are looking for a good place to eat after-hours , check this place out .
28. Amazing cabeza tacos ! Carne asada tacos on the salty side , but not too bad.Salsa is mediocre , should have been more thought aboutOverall , the best in town , [ so far ]
29. I can honestly say that I hate their tacos . In comparison to other places , like Tacos el Gordo , it 's just horrible .
30. Horrible tacos compared to everywhere else . I would even prefer Roberto 's over this . Cabeza was decent but the tacos al pastor and carnitas were garbage .
31. Cheap and delicious ! Open 24 / 7.Carne Asada Fries are so bomb ! My boyfriend and I couldn 't even finish it , we had to save it for later.Horchata is on point .
32. Had to come one more time before I headed home . This was 2nd visit in a week to a Pepe 's . So glad they have multiple locations and they are all good .
33. Accidently dropped one of my ( empty ) cups on the floor after ordering So i asked if i could please get a new one the lady told me that they would have to charge me because once the cups are given to customers its the customers responsibility .
34. Love the tacos here ! Best Carne asada and salsas in Vegas yet .... well in my opinion this fat . Haven 't been to another restaurant that beats these tacos de asada . Now you can 't count street tacos peeps . But this place is great . Best asada fries too !
35. I went here with my family looking for a burger but instead we paid $ 6 for a plain meatpatty .
36. Came in for the first time and the bean cheese rice wet burrito was amazing . I will def be back the only thing weird is they call Out your # loud . And I was only one there
37. Hole in the wall place but most authentic places usually are . The tacos were superb , not the Americanized type that Vegas is full of . Definitely looking forward to going back to try more stuff .
38. Awesome . Hubby ate here like 10 times in the 3 days we were in Vegas . Very good food . Everything is seasoned well . Tacos are a great value . Loved it .
39. Great tacos great quesodillas I live right around the corner from you guys so we eat there frequently and we love your food they are definitely one of the best little taco joints in town and they 're super fries are unbelievably good in the neighborhoods not too shabby
40. Pepe 's is what I would call , " Just okay . " I went here because it was close to where I was and I wanted to eat . Taco meat was so-so , and the al pastor was very fatty . After eating the tacos I had that feeling of regret that sometimes washes over , like gas station sushi .
41. The pastor meat is garbage . Too much fat and the little meat that you do get , is charred . Carnitas and Asada is ok .
42. Restaurant was clean and the staff was nice . I had the burrito plate with pastor $ 10.99 + tax . The pastor was good , but not much in the burrito . The rice was bland , but the beans were very good.The food is a better than average , but their pricing is higher and portions smaller than the competition .
43. Carne Asada sopes not bad , Al Pastor taco was pretty good . Good cheese and flavor in the Chile Relleno . Highlight : Chicharrones taco ! ! ! It was my first time trying it , and it was AWESOME ! !
44. I could say this is the best taco place in Las Vegas . It 's also really clean every time I come there is someone always cleaning and mopping , I would highly recommend this place .
45. Good food , great drinks . A little lacking in personal service and that staff is a bit ... blah but I love their horchata . Carne adovada is good .
46. Soooo disappointed this time around.Paid $ 5.25 for guacamole and chips ... thinking an authentic Mexican restaurant can succeed in this ... nope ... I rather go to Chipotle for chips and guac for $ 1.50 with better quality . To start the guacamole was watered down slush.As I continued to eat it I found something in my guacamole and a burnt French fry in my chips ... eww .
47. My favorite place to eat . Today was my first time trying the Tacos de Cabeza .. They were so tender & yummy . I definitely will be going back soon .
48. Great food but the cashier accidentally took my order wrong and even after I corrected her she still charge me wrong . They refused to refund y money they hadn 't even made the food that I didn 't order . Never been to a over priced Mexican food restaurant where the customer isn 't allow to change order .
49. Hot hot hot Great tacos I lived in LA for 15 years and this is the only place I found in vegas that does it like they do in LA
50. Stay away from that filthy place I was there and my iPhone 6 Plus was stolen I called the owner several times and they ignore my calls so I 'm wondering if they 're covering something or someone . ! ! Stay away from that disgusting place . Since there 's no customer service or concern about the customers .
51. Disappointed . Whoever owns the place better make changes before they 're out of business . Ordered what I thought would be " super nachos " paid $ 7 for liquid cheese . If this place is authentic Mexican so is 7-11 . Going back to Robertos where they have the decency to serve shredded cheese .
52. Carne Asada Fries ? Epic fail ! Maybe there other food is good ? ? I don 't know ! The world 's best Carne Asada fries they have on the back of their building led me here and let me tell you that sign should be taken down ! Likeeeeeeee Right now ! Two stars for the onions and cilantro though ! ! That we added ourselves !
53. Food is just sub par . The inside looks worn and needs work done . Customer service was horrible 2 Servers stood there talking on the phone laughing and speaking in Spanish the whole time why they were helping us . The whole atmosphere was creepy . Will not go back
54. Que bueno ! Had a carne asada burrito and two tacos al pastor today .... deliciouso ! Def will pay another visit upon my next trans-barrio-adventure
55. I mean for the price and the quality of food I think this is really place , down and dirty and delicious and does not cost much at all .
56. Love the food , always have . I 'm latina and I 'm embarrased and very dissapointed tonight at the racist joke from the cook , against my friend , that 's not right . There 's no need for any disrespect , EVER ! I overheard him say , to have my friend over pay because he 's black ? Wow !
57. Prices are higher , burrito is smaller . 8.99 now for a super burrito . Sorry but your pricing yourself right out . Coming from cali , it 's hard to find a good burrito in vegas , doesn 't mean I 'm going to spend 10 bucks on a all burrito either . So disappointed
58. I love this place . Mark me down for a Pollo super burrito or Carne Asada Tacos . Best anywhere in town ... Always busy in this place ...
59. Their al pastor really stood out for me . The salsa verde was great and had a good amount of heat . The salsa roja was overly smoky / chipotle-y for my taste . The al pastor burrito or tacos and some salsa verde washed down with a jamaica : Uuummmm . Worth the drive to a sketchy area .
60. My chicken in my chicken burrito was cold old and dry . The entire burrito was cold and not fresh . Not good service at all ! ! ! ! I wish I would 've saved my money .
61. They now will honor their coupons . Still have not ordered the fish taco again since last time. they make a good cheese enchilada .
62. Yuck . I got their carne asada fries sans the meat and they were smothered in this nasty nacho cheese sauce from a can ( at least it tasted like it ) . The fries were soft , their salsa was flavorless , the restaurant was kind of dirty , it was just an overall a disappointing experience and I will not be going back .
63. Good stuff ! The steak quesadillas was delicious , Im not a big fan of Mexican food but this place was good .
64. Very good cabeza tacos and carne Asada fries . Definitely coming here again . Not that bad on price too .
65. Food was ok . Me and my homies where the only non Latinos in the facility but it was all love .. Food came .. took it home .... and 3 hours later I had the shits ... But ... the food was good . I think I ate like 4 tacos
66. This place is run down , their cashiers are VERY rude , and their food is starting to get a little pricy BUT it 's soooo good ! That 's the only reason I come back .
67. Love the food here . So far everything I 've tried has been good . Inside the restaurant could use some improvement . Whenever I eat from here I take it home because I don 't like the inside but the food is great .
68. Finally I found REAL tacos in Vegas . I moved from San Francisco and was spoiled with having real authentic Mexican food and couldnt find anything in Vegas but Robertos ... But not anymore ! I always get three carne asada tacos , a pineapple drink and a scoop of their carrots and onions on the side to nibble on .
69. I am new to Vegas and was looking for some good , authentic Mexican food . Well I definitely found it at Pepe 's . Happy I was referred here because I 'm officially a customer as long as I live here . I got a burrito two days ago and now that I 'm typing this I 'm salivating . Go get one- you won 't regret it !
70. Over priced , asada fries suck , funny smell ... But , when it comes to midnight taco runs , it 's the spot to go ! And the horchata is decent ...
71. The food was completely cold ! Wtf . And it says world best tacos haha please ! I told lady to make me a new one she said no and put it in microwave really ! @ # thw point is not to use microwaves . Really disappointed . Smh .
72. Great Food Worse service ever ! Its sad when u really just want the food so u deal with the service cause u know its good
73. I only come here for 2 things : Carne Asada Nachos and Pastor tacos . They do both great . Service is good . They have a bunch of tvs , but only run a loop of a produced Pepe 's commercial . Would be nice to have some regular tv / sports / news on . Love the no-frills feel of this place .
74. The stars are for their tacos they have good tacos . As far as menudo it 's not the best . I 'm still looking for a good menudo . I crave it from time to time . I also tried the menudazo and I don 't care to again . If you know where I can get a good menudo please let me know . Thank you .
75. 4 tacos , and a drink for $ 7.15 . I added two more for $ 1.59 each . Can 't beat the price . They put a lot of meat in their tacos . I had two of each ; carne asada , carnitas , al pastor . They were all made fresh . Not the greatest but id go back
76. This a the best place to get fast mexican food . They have really good prices . There hard tacos are great ! Burritos are excellent !
77. Love the carne asada tacos , chicken tacos have generally been bland in my experience , the al pastor tacos has been hit or miss for me . The super burrito and carne asada nachos have also been winners . I prefer the carne asada fries from Roberto 's more but that 's more so to do with the fries used .
78. Pepe 's is ok I prefer the one on Boulder and Flamingo . Price is a bit higher than Robertos I think . Quality depends on the cook at the time you go . I don 't like that they don 't accept credit cards , but I understand what small businesses need to do to maximize profits .
79. A great place for fast and authentic Mexican food . I always get the lengua burrito and horchata but they are known for their chili rellenos . The environment is clean and always bumping some mariachi music . I love coming here with large groups of people for my morning breakfast routine . Pepe 's Tacos is the OG !
80. My girlfriend , myself and a friend of ours went to grab some food one night ... all 3 of us ended up having food poisoning for the next two days . DIRTY DINNING FORSURE .
81. Best place to get authentic mexican tacos / food at 4am after the club lol ( : open 24hr .