Product ID: r1e5Ot6_jGFyV2N_dn8JDQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was delicious and affordable, with some of the best sweet bread they had ever had. There was one complaint about a cake not looking like it was ordered, but other than that, reviewers had nothing but good things to say about the product.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product being reviewed, a cake from Panadería Tricolor, received largely positive reviews. People praised the food for being delicious and affordable, and mentioned a wide variety of pastries being available. The Tres Leche cake was especially well-received. There were a few negative reviews, but they were mostly from people who had specific requests that were not met. Overall, people seem to really enjoy the product and appreciate the friendly service.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
They have the freshest cakes and breads .
Super delicious and they carry change for big bills The bread was nice and soft and big bonus for using abuelitas chocolates inside some of the breads .
Conchas , tres leches .
I can only speak for the 4 in 1 cake , it is simply delicious !
They sell by the slice and the sweet bread smelled great !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people saying that the cakes and breads are fresh and delicious, and that the store is tidy and clean. There were a few negative reviews, however, with people saying that they had a bad experience with the sopitas and that the quadruple cake was not as good as they had hoped. Overall, though, the reviews were mostly positive.

****** Reviews ******
1. The clan there is to die for ! ! ! ! Super delicious and they carry change for big bills The bread was nice and soft and big bonus for using abuelitas chocolates inside some of the breads . Also ordered a gelatina for my daughters school potluck and that received compliments as well
2. A misunderstanding about order amount was not my mistake but taken neglectively owners . Next day came in to order 4 sopitas and was told no sopitas today . Sent my co-worker in 1 hour later and she got her sopitas right a way . Been a customer for 3 years . Will never send you another cu
3. Yup ! Yup ! Delish ! ! The quadruple cake .... aaahhh ! ! ! All the usual pastries . Conchas , tres leches . Don 't be afraid to go if you don 't speak Spanish . And super affordable ! !
4. I can only speak for the 4 in 1 cake , it is simply delicious ! ! Everyone raved about it ! Nice small bakery , a bit hidden inside a shopping center , tidy and clean with lots of goodies . They sell by the slice and the sweet bread smelled great !
5. Do not get discouraged by looks of the outside of this place , inside is quite cozy and clean . They have the freshest cakes and breads . Pizza , sandwiches and tortas , sopas . I had to wait for about 10min for my freshly made pupusas and they were the bomb ! ! They were big too . Also I had a piece of cake for $ 3.50
6. Worst experience EVER . I ordered a cake and upon arriving to pick it up the cake looked NOTHING like I ordered ; & I ordered it from there menu . They just lost my business and I am an easy going person but my experience was that bad . So unhappy
7. I needed a Cake in Vegas . This place was recommended . All they had was tres Leches cakes . Not many bakery 's know how to make them taste just right . This bakery knows how to make them perfect . Taste like Fogo de cho tres leches in Beverly Hills . Cinco estrellas For this place . Very friendly staff . Muchas gracias Panadería Tricolor .
8. Sweet bread was some of the best I 've had in town . Will be coming back for the cake next time ! !
9. Had a piece of their Tres Leche cake and their Pan Dulce . They were both AMAZING . They were fresh . Service was very friendly . I will definitely be back soon to order a birthday cake for my husband .