Product ID: r7IvPMyza853adkAvi1RNQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product was generally well-liked, with positive reviews mentioning the friendly staff, good food, and reasonable prices. However, some reviewers did not enjoy the food, finding it gross or bland. Others found the restaurant to be hot, smoky, or dirty.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviewers said that the food was good, the staff was friendly, and the prices were reasonable. However, some reviewers found the food gross and some found the restaurant too hot and smoky.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Service was awesome , prices were reasonable and the food was delicious !
It 's a great environment with good food and easy on your wallet !
Always wonderful food at a reasonable price .
The food is wonderful Bui I always find the place so hot .
The staff is very pleasant and attentive .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of Carmine's were mostly positive, with reviewers praising the food, service, and prices. However, some reviewers found the restaurant to be smoky and too hot, and one was disappointed with the salad.

****** Reviews ******
1. I love the friendly staff ! It 's a great environment with good food and easy on your wallet ! I 'd recommend some wings !
2. While staying in Henderson for the week , we were getting a bit tired of the same restaurant foods ; buffets , burgers , etc . Decided to try Carmine 's and we were not disappointed ! Service was awesome , prices were reasonable and the food was delicious ! ! The portion sizes were huge and none of us left hungry . Highly recommended !
3. Went there looking for food to be catered for my girlfriend 's office . Of course , I had maybe 1 hour to provide this and make her look good so I stopped into Carmine 's. the manager hooked me up with exactly what I needed and was very satisfied . Thanks Carmine 's staff , and manager John !
4. Drove to Carmine 's today only to discover that they had closed . Such a huge disappointment , as we loved the food .
5. Food is good ! Smells a little smoky in the place put pizza is excellent and done just how you order it . Family feel to the staff and they are very nice !
6. Buyer beware if your gambling at the bar and you 're winning your drinks are not free . Plus I order dinner as well so what I 'm saying is the server should warn you that the drinks are not free . I will never go back
7. The food is wonderful Bui I always find the place so hot . You have to try the seafood cioppino and the stone shrimp . The staff is very pleasant and attentive .
8. Always wonderful food at a reasonable price . Graveyard is preferable with my schedule , and Cory is the best bartender I 've come across . A +
9. Love it here ! ! ! Late night eats for the hubby & I ! ! ! Great Happy hour specials ! ! !
10. Gross . I was here with coworkers and we should have known it wasnt going to be good by the name . I ordered the Chopped salad and the sausage pizza . The salad was fair but the pizza a terrible . The service was good from Eddy
11. The food is delicious ! The bartenders , and the atmosphere is great . My favorite is the seafood pizza .
12. Been here a few times . I always get pizza and it 's really really good . Great size for one . The place is kinda awkward but the food is good and that 's most important . Always have had a pleasant experience . Will return !
13. This was a return visit and I found only two white wines on the menu but the Chateau St Michelle Chard was decent . The caprese salad was one of the better ones I 've had--it just needed a little sea salt . Calamari had great flavor but was tougher than the norm . Service was good .
14. I dont know why but it depends on the cook in the back whether the food is good or not . Got an eggplant parm sandwich ( no taste ! ) and a turkey sandwich . Also have had the stromboli . Very tasty but I had to go home and heat it because the middle was cold ! The marinara is give or take ...
15. I just stopped by and the premises were sealed by an eviction order dated 15 June---but then next to it was an order to stay the eviction dated 21 June . The door was still chained .
16. I 've come here a few times , but they seem to have dropped the quality of their food dramatically since the new year and it really ruined the experience of dinning here .. Would not recommend !
17. This place was horrible ! The pizza was so bad I had to spit it out ... I also ordered the chopped salad , not only was the salad chopped to nothing , the balsamic dressing was not good .
18. Always a great environment and amazing food ! ! Shrimp Scampi Pizza , Wings , and Stromboli ... Thank you , Amy ( Bartender ) !