Product ID: RwlM5WdN08-jCqYzEg8tJg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people saying that the price is good and the girls are hot. However, there were a few complaints about the service, with one person saying that the waitress was rude and another saying that the bartender was slow and had a bad attitude.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The Yelp reviews for Chicas Bonitas are generally positive, with customers saying that the price is good for what you get and that the girls are hot and friendly. However, there are some complaints about the bartending staff, with customers saying that they are slow and have a bad attitude. There is also one review that says that the place smells bad. Overall, though, customers seem to enjoy the experience at Chicas Bonitas and would recommend it to others.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Only complaint is I got wasted because their drink prices are so cheap lol .
I loved the girls they are hot , young and friendly ... at least the once I saw .
The females are friendly & beautiful with gorgeous body 's .
5 entrance fee on a Saturday compared to 30 50 !
The place is good and I guess for the price to get in ( $ 5 ) I can ' t even complaint but it is what it is and I didn ' t like that waitress
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of the product are generally positive, with people saying that it is a good value for the price and that the dancers are friendly and beautiful. However, some people have complained about the wait for drinks, and one person said they got sick after drinking at the bar.

****** Reviews ******
1. For the price you can 't beat it we will be back for sure ! 5 entrance fee on a Saturday compared to 30 50 ! !
2. I loved the girls they are hot , young and friendly ... at least the once I saw . One thing for sure , management has to FIRED the bar tender ... slow over weight ugly girl with a really bad attitude .
3. Horrible horrible horrible , we got it and got out in less than 3 min the smell is was horrible , to be exact when we enter my car to drive away the Car smell like piss cuz our shoes ,
4. Love love love this place & will be back . The females are friendly & beautiful with gorgeous body 's . It was exactly what my boyfriend & I were looking for . Only complaint is I got wasted because their drink prices are so cheap lol . Highly recommend the Vip dance . Totally worth your money !
5. chicas is cool if you got a little dough ... yea the bullies do show up .... the dancers were always friendly .... alot of locals go running there ..... it 's small but fun ..... thumB Up ...........
6. Estoy entre ir y no ir . Las razones : 1 . A un compa le robaron la cartera.2. Otro compa dijo que las viejas estan bien BUENOTAS .
7. Went out with some coworkers last friday to chicas bonitas . We had a pretty good time , with the exception of having to wait 20 mins for a jager bomb . I proceeded to wake up with strep , shoulda skipped the bomb . I may go back , but i will not touch the glassware
8. Waitress was so rude always asking you to buy drinks . The place is good and I guess for the price to get in ( $ 5 ) I can 't even complaint but it is what it is and I didn 't like that waitress
9. El mejor lugar del mundo hands down ! Bar topless stripers and bes latinas mamasitas in town OMG check it out !