Product ID: S_9OaE_RBWBIXnUKvxJKsQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the food was good, especially the fried chicken. Some found the portions or prices to be a bit small or high, respectively, but most thought the food was a good value. The cocktails were also praised. Reviewers enjoyed the atmosphere and found the staff to be friendly and accommodating. A few reviewers found some of the food to be overcooked or otherwise not to their liking, but most thought the food was tasty and enjoyable.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product was reviewed positively for its large alcohol variety, great iced tea, good attention from staff, and well-made cocktails. It was also noted that the Nashville Hot was exceptional. However, some reviewers found the food to be meh, overpriced, and cold in some cases. Others loved the tofu po' boy, chicken & waffle, and pie. Overall, the atmosphere and service were good, and the drinks were great.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
and the fried chicken was flavorless and waaaay overpriced for the quality of food that you get .
Although it is definitely as close to the highest price you can charge for fried chicken , it is very good and rivals any restaurant in downtown .
Solidly four stars.First the good : The chicken is excellent ; my girlfriend and I loved it .
Pimento cheese and a shrimp salsa for starters , Nashville Hot was exceptional !
Buffalo sauce is as good as any I 've ever had .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of this product are mixed. Some people loved the chicken and found it to be excellent, while others thought it was flavorless and overpriced. The sides also seem to be a hit or miss, with some people loving them and others thinking they are mediocre. Overall, people seem to think the location and beer selection are great, but the food is just okay.

****** Reviews ******
1. I 've been to Watson 's several times over the past year , and I want to add that the smoked gouda mac & cheese side is the best side I 've had ! Yum !
2. Great location and beer selection . Love that they have a vegan po boy option , it 's delicious ! I would come back here .
3. This place served me BURNT crab hush puppies ( change the grease ! ) and the fried chicken was flavorless and waaaay overpriced for the quality of food that you get . It was too damn cold inside of this joint . I will never eat here again ! ! !
4. Excellent Nashville Hot Chicken . Although it is definitely as close to the highest price you can charge for fried chicken , it is very good and rivals any restaurant in downtown . Although I haven 't had it all my friends and family love the Mule to go along with their food . Plus , who doesn 't love their homemade sides and pies !
5. Mediocre . Ordered a wedge salad & they had no wedges . Then the salad had shredded chicken which was fatty & wired . Just not great . Really cute interiors & staff was very nice . Too many other better restaurants .
6. Solidly four stars.First the good : The chicken is excellent ; my girlfriend and I loved it . The gravy fries starter was also really fantastic.Now for the bad : each biscuit is approximately the size of a thimble and it costs $ 3.50 for two of them . For $ 3.50 I should get thimble-sized biscuits for life .
7. I consider myself some kind of coleslaw connoisseur - and Watsons coleslaw is a perfect match to their chicken . Delicious !
8. Sits atop the Champaris food scene . World class wings , chicken sandwiches , gumbo , and almost anything else . Buffalo sauce is as good as any I 've ever had . Huge alcohol variety along with great iced tea .
9. We went on a Wednesday evening , got seated promptly and had great service . Pimento cheese and a shrimp salsa for starters , Nashville Hot was exceptional ! Great attention by the staff and well mixed cocktails !
10. Been here 3 times now . This is the most overrated place downtown . Service is meh . Food is meh . Drinks are meh . I don 't get the hype . Maybe because no one else downtown has fried chicken ? I don 't know . And it 's totally overpriced . Gave it a few tries because it was new . Probably won 't be back .
11. Food was okay , ordered chicken and waffles . The waffle was cold where the butter did not melt and slightly burnt They offered to replace the waffle , but it would have required additional wait time . Service was okay , had to ask for silverware and water . My second time visiting with similar experiences .
12. Can we talk about the drinks here ? ! Those Chicharrones ! ! There are a few things on the menu that are pretty good and not the standard stuff you find at bars in town . Oddly it isn 't the chicken that stands out as much to me . Who cares though with other great things on the menu .
13. I 'm not a huge chicken fan , but Watson 's is awesome ! Their cocktails are amazing ( Watson 's Wabbit & the frozen Moscow Mule are a must to try ) . Cool atmosphere & good service . The tofu po ' boy is awesome , as well as the chicken & waffle , and the pie ! Definitely check it out !
14. I crave this chicken . Smaller portions and price and shorter hours keep me from 5th star . I love there Nashville and non Nashville chicken !
15. The fried wings were pretty average . Not a bad snack before dinner . My most expected Kentucky slush and cocktails were disappointing. every cocktail had too much alcohol . Wait , is that a bad thing or good thing ? Lol . Anyway , I personally don 't like those cocktails
16. I tried the Nashville hot chicken and a peach bourbon cocktail . The service was good and the food was fresh . I went around 5 o 'clock so they weren 't busy when I got there . By 6 o 'clock there was a wait .
17. This place has quality food and drinks at the right price ! I had the rotisserie chicken sandwich and the slushie flight , highly recommend both ! Will definitely be back !
18. Had a chicken sandwich for lunch , thigh meat , which I prefer . This however was under cooked ( read chewy ) . Needed about another two minutes on each side . Kitchen better get it together for the prices .
19. Fav place in town ! Consistently exceeds expectations . Great service and amazing food . The drinks are also top notch . It has such an eclectic vibe you can be fancy can casual or in between ! 10 / 10 ! !
20. Friendly service . Owner talked with us . Loved that chicken was free range from an Amish farm nearby . Food was tasty . Nice portion size . Good value . We 'd go there again .
21. I 've been here several times , and its one of my favorite places to go downtown Champaign . Service is great , even if they are busy !
22. Consistently good service and food . Especially good service experiences from Ian and Julio ! I always have a great time visiting this bar and I suggest to everyone !
23. Been here twice , service is always great and the food tastes great . The first time we visited , they were out of two things we wanted to order which was super disappointing .
24. This was my first time and I was very impressed . I got the jerk chicken burrito special but since I can 't have wheat they were EXTREMELY accommodating and made me the equivalent as tacos and they were amazing . I also got to try someone twice fried potato wedges and wow those were good . Can 't wait to take my husband back for the Nashville hot !
25. I 'm just going to say , if you 're reading this hoping for a food or drink review , I don 't have much to say . But the bathrooms here are so nice ! ! ! They have tampons and lotion . Real talk : lots of variety of drinks . Very extensive bar . Lots of interesting sounding mixed-slushee-drinks .
26. The fried chicken here is out of this world ! I got waffles and chicken with a side of potato wedges . The chicken was crispy and decadent and waffle- chicken taste combination complemented each other . Would definitely go back for more ! PS : I 've heard the cocktails are good but didn 't get an opportunity to try them . Next time !
27. Chicken is off the hook ! Bar service is speedy and friendly . They even have a bar tender that looks like Ronnie " Sunshine " Bass from Remember the Titans .
28. Really fun place . I recommend the tofu po 'boy sandwich , the drinks ( really liked the Daisy Buchanan ) , and the biscuits with jam . Will definitely come back next time I 'm in town .
29. Came here Saturday for late night drinks and Sunday for a chicken sandwich . My mind is blown ! The chicken sandwich and bloody Mary 's are amazing ! The service was super slow Saturday night but I forgive them on opening weekend . Excited to come back here often
30. Beautifully crisp chicken . Amazing atmosphere and live music . The chicken itself was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside . The breading has a hint of rosemary , which was unique . The mashed potatoes were just okay . The Kentucky Slush was delish . Definitely would come back .
31. It was good . Service was wonderful . We got the roasted and fried chicken and both were solid and good .
32. The food tastes really really good . They have fresh oysters ! Can you believe that ? Lol but their fried chicken came out black . That 's why it 's a 4 star .
33. I love the fried chicken here but mine is kinda burnt . But I like that they can give me chicken gravy even though it 's not included in types of sauces that I can choose from .
34. Chicken here is stellar ! Wondeefully light and just the right salty goodness ! Watson 's Wabbit craft cocktail was unusual ( featuring carrot juice ) and delicious ! Not to be missed !
35. A lot of their food is locally sourced and I love that ! One of the only places in town you can get fresh oysters too . Best fried chicken in town and their late night food is the perfect midnight snack , always .
36. Pretty great fried chicken . I 'm personally not a fan of bone in chicken so I had the tenders . The hot honey sauce I picked was a great delicious choice . The potato wedges were yummy . The chicken was also good ! Very great meal . However , I felt the drink options could be better ! ! !
37. Food was decent , and drinks were okay , but the service was great . I 'll probably be back to try the mac and cheese , but was disappointed in the lack of other " soul food " type options , especially considering this place claims to have soul food .
38. Excellent new place in downtown champaign , the chicken is super solid , fresh and very tasty . The sauces are good that i have tried , only thing i would ask for is the breading on the fried chicken to be more seasoned.The drink selection is 2nd to none and very innovative . This place is going to do well .
39. Horrible service . An hour long wait for limp fried chicken . Just awful . Avoid at all costs .
40. Loved this place . The drinks were great . The food was great and so was the atmosphere . We had the slushie flight and the mule slush since it was a hot day . And they really know their fried chicken . We had the hot chicken and the chicken and waffles . Both were well complemented with sides and extremely filling
41. Fan-Fucking-Tastic Did i mention their food is Fan-Fucking-Tastic ? truthfully best God Damn fried chicken Period ! oh they have waffles too : )
42. Service , food , drinks all awesome . My new favorite place in town . The peach iced tea is amazing .
43. Best fried chicken I have ever had . Their slushees are unique and fun for night out . But I also love coming for lunch on a working day . One of my favorite places in Champaign !
44. Love the environment here , the food , staff and the boozy slushees are top of the line . Fried chicken is so fresh and juicy ! Very cool place .
45. Wow . Outstanding . Our daughter is a freshman and we have tried most of the restaurants in the area . Watson 's gets it . Great food , service and atmosphere . We have at least three more years of coming down to Champaign and Watson 's will be our go to restaurant . Can 't wait for our next visit .