Product ID: sI2RL3sn1cb5xKcYpTDRig

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of Sunshine Market are overwhelmingly positive, with customers praising the convenience, selection, and price of the products.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews say that the product is great, with quick service, a wide range of items, and nice employees. They also say that the prices are a bit high, but that the store has a lot to offer.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
They are great , they 're quicker than Fry 's or Safeway and have an amazing range of items .
Coronado is lucky to have Sunshine Market .
Employees are very nice , they have a neighborhood feeling to it .
everything you can think of and the nicest Employees .
They have a deli that cuts meat / cheese , and has pre-made burgers , sandwiches , and a tamale warmer .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of the product are positive, with customers praising the wide range of items available, the friendly staff, and the cheap prices. They also mention that the store offers a variety of services, including water refills, bill payment, and Western Union.

****** Reviews ******
1. They are great , they 're quicker than Fry 's or Safeway and have an amazing range of items . Plus , 3.99 beer that is usually pretty good .
2. They have It all : ) Moved into the neighborhood a month ago and from water refills , to old fashioned fuses ( guest house still uses them ) sandwiches and Spicy Dill Pickles .. Yum .. everything you can think of and the nicest Employees .. Coronado is lucky to have Sunshine Market . Love this place : )
3. Very happy to have this place down the street . Employees are very nice , they have a neighborhood feeling to it . Cheap drink prices .... they really do have almost anything . They also carry Bluebell Ice Cream ! ! ! !
4. Is this real life ? $ 3.99 6 packs and $ 7.99 12 packs of craft beer ? My brain melted when I went down the beer aisle . This place is bananas , a total gem . The guy at the counter is always super chill too ; best corner store in the hood !
5. Good amount of services . You can pay APS / SW Gas there . You can 't cash checks , however . They have a water purifier machine outside , and Ice . They have a deli that cuts meat / cheese , and has pre-made burgers , sandwiches , and a tamale warmer . Decent grocery selection , albeit a tad expensive in the dry grocery items area
6. After leaving the hood when it was dangerous and not gentrified and full of urban / hipsters , I came back around , glad to see the same guys working there , they even recognized me . Same great prices and service .
7. This place is great . Been going here since 1990 . Same owners . Family business . They have EVERYTHING ! Great beer and wine selection . Pay your bills . Do western union . Buy a pair of pliers , shampoo , aleve and porkchops all in one place .
8. Sunshine is the best ! I no longer live in Coronado but will travel to this market at least a couple days a week because of their great beer / liquor bargains and customer service !
9. Can 't say enough wonderful things aboutThis place The owner Salem is a gentlemen And a half Mark and Zack are great Guys too ... It 's my go to place in the neighborhood for everything ! ! ! ! ! ! !