Product ID: v4y6tcmJyqYXzznCYT0-Zw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The product has mixed reviews, with some people enjoying the selection of games and food, and others finding the service slow and the management absent. Overall, people seem to enjoy the product but find it a little dated.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was decent. They liked the selection of games and the laser shooting gallery, but found the service to be slow and the machines to be ineffective. They also thought that the management was absent and the service was horrendous. However, they thought that the employees were helpful and friendly, and that the bathrooms were clean.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Great selection of games , pretty good food , lots of pool / ping pong tables and a laser shooting gallery !
The service is slow and the machine to load the games card is pretty ineffective .
It 's a decent place to play pool and arcades while having a beer .
I wouldn ' t call it a sports bar seeing as they don ' t have access to all the sports channels .
Whether you just want to visit for a quick game or spend the whole night , they 've got you covered .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The Yelp reviews for this product were mostly positive, with reviewers praising the selection of games, the food, and the laser shooting gallery. However, some reviewers noted that the service was slow and that the machine to load the games card was ineffective. Additionally, a few reviewers commented that the management was absent and that the service was horrendous as a result. Overall, reviewers seemed to enjoy the product but noted some areas that could be improved.

****** Reviews ******
1. Great selection of games , pretty good food , lots of pool / ping pong tables and a laser shooting gallery ! Honestly , this place has pretty much everything . Whether you just want to visit for a quick game or spend the whole night , they 've got you covered .
2. The service is slow and the machine to load the games card is pretty ineffective . I wouldn 't call it a sports bar seeing as they don 't have access to all the sports channels . It 's a decent place to play pool and arcades while having a beer .
3. Arcade est vraiment hot , ils y a tous les bon jeux arcade 2017 . Bon spot pour voir une game du ch avec les fantôme encore présent , ps manque un peu ambiance . Bowling et pool pas trop cher . 6.5 / 10
4. The management here is complete absent making the service absolutely horrendous . Expect to be ignored so long that you change your mind and leave .
5. Wanted to bowl and have some beers on a raining vacation day . Perfect spot to do both ! ! The place is a little dated but the employees are very helpful and friendly ! The bathrooms are clean which is very important when downing beers . Overall , great atmosphere and a good time ! ! !
6. Chaque fois que je passe devant je m 'apercois que il n 'y a jamais pas bcp de monde à l 'interieur de cette grande salle de jeu et restaurant bar .... et finalement je me decide alller pour essayer les banquettes rouges avec qqs amis : ils n 'ont pas de café le soir ... On a bu du thé à la place et prit un dessert .
7. Used to be a fun place but now half of the games don 't work : ( I wouldn 't eat there I never have but drinks are fine if you 're waiting to go see a movie .
8. Its a great spot to hang out . The Drinks were really good and the bartenders are very nice . The games were fun . It 's similar to a smaller Dave and busters . This night was not packed at all ... practically empty , which was perfect for us ... But I could imagine it not being so pleasant when there is a large crowd .
9. Extremely boring . Most of the staff are zombies . But , other than that it 's a great spot . Oh mon dieu .