Product ID: vkunJ17T0JJEPOFyRopQtQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was great. They liked the staff, the cleanliness of the facility, and the results of their waxing.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product was praised for being effective, painless, and fast. The staff was also praised for being friendly and professional.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
I got my eyebrows done by Harli today and she did an amazing job !
If you 're looking for a new waxer , I highly recommend her .
The facility was clean and everyone was very professional.Have gone back for my second visit and Tonia is still awesome
I go to the location on 16th St. and Glendale - I would never look for another waxing salon .
Tonia is by the far the best waxer ive ever had .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, the reviews were very positive. People thought that the staff were professional and friendly, the facility was clean, and that the waxing services were fantastic.

****** Reviews ******
1. Tonia is by the far the best waxer ive ever had . Ive never not been scared to get my grows or any other service done UNTIL i met her . Shes very consistent and talented . Thank you Tonia
2. I got my eyebrows done by Harli today and she did an amazing job ! It had been awhile since I had them waxed , but she made them look perfect . If you 're looking for a new waxer , I highly recommend her .
3. Great service , friendly staff . Paige is awesome . I became a loyal customer right off the bat . My appointments are always on time . I would highly recommend Wax in the city to anyone .
4. Waxing The City is fantastic ! It 's always easy to get appointments scheduled , the facility is immaculate , and the staff is discreet and very friendly ! I go to the location on 16th St. and Glendale- I would never look for another waxing salon .
5. Absolutely fantastic . Tonia was wonderful . This was my first time being professionally waxed . She set me at ease and continued to engage me in conversation to keep my mind off what was happening . I immediately signed up for the buy-more-get-more membership . The facility was clean and everyone was very professional.Have gone back for my second visit and Tonia is still awesome
6. Tonia was outstanding ! My face looks and feels amazing ! I 'm definitely going back to see her . Thanks so much ! !
7. Awesome service ! Staff is helpful and answered every one of my questions . Harli did an amazing job and is super nice . My visit was so great I bought a package and I will continue to return .
8. This was my first time getting a Brazilian and I was so nervous ! Adrienne was so nice and thorough , she immediately made me feel comfortable and educated me on how to keep the best results . I will definitely be back in 4 weeks !
9. Very happy with the results . Now I am recommending that my friends get their ears and nose done . I can hear better and do not look like an ape anymore . Thanks Marlo .
10. Amazing ! ! ! And that is the beginning , Nicole is super sweet and has a great eye for detail ! Highly recommend you drop in and visit these fine folks .
11. I needed a wax while here from out of town and I was beyond pleased with the services I received . Paige was super friendly and knowledgeable . Location was awesome as well . Prices were very comparable to other waxing chains I have been too but the service was far more personable . I definitely give It 2 thumbs up ! ! !
12. Best waxing experience ! Paige was adorable . Literally almost pain-free . Everyone was super nice . I will definitely refer everyone I know !
13. Almost as painless as a full Brazilian can be . I drive almost two hours to come down here from Phoenix when I need to be waxed .
14. Shitara gave us an amazing experience . Felt comfortable throughout my entire appointment . Introduced " tinting " ... WoW ! ! ! Tinting is the way to go ! ! Great atmosphere ! !
15. Stopped in because it 's near the salon I get my nails done . Made an appointment for later in the afternoon . Jess did my brows and chin . She was good and gentle . I will definitely be back .
16. Everyone here is super nice and helpful . They keep it super clean and are very friendly . Did a great job on my brows . Will be going back here forsure .
17. Paige is absolutely amazing ! ! She knows what she is doing and really listens to you what you want ! I trusted her to do my daughter eyebrows for the first time and they came out amazing !
18. This place is great . Staff is always friendly and attentive . I 've been coming here about a year and I always see Harli . She is fabulous ! This is not the closest location to where I live but it is worth the extra drive time for Harli .
19. Have visited 2 times both for brow waxs . Besides the first timer deal they give you its quite overpriced for the actual service you get . Seriously .... $ 21 bucks for a mediocre brow wax ?
20. Its hard to find places that can do men 's brows well enough and Waxing the City is THAT place ! I 'm so happy with the results . They fit my face perfectly without looking too feminine .
21. Everyone was so friendly , and my brows came out bomb ! She took her time and even talked about my shape before she started waxing . They came out exactly how I wanted !
22. I 've gone to this specific location for several months now and absolutely love it . Harli is incredible , clearly enjoys what she does and consistently leaves you feeling better about yourself with each visit .
23. This place is great ! Clean , friendly , FAST and the wax they use is the best . It 's so much less painful than anywhere I have ever been and Tonia is fantastic . I recommend this place to anyone who wants a clean , fast and sleek waxing !
24. I live right around the corner from this place and I 'm glad because I have a feeling I will be here a lot they 're amazing ! I called and they got me in pretty much right away and Geneveve gave the most painless waxing I 've ever had it was phenomenal and my eye brows are in point !
25. Tonia always does an amazing job ! From waxing to eyebrow and lash tinting , she is by far the best when it comes to painless technique and custom color creations . I always receive multiple compliments on my brows and lashes post Tonia visits every four weeks and will look nowhere else . Highly , highly recommend !
26. My eyebrows have never looked so nice ! Not only waxed , but had them matched to my hair color . Look to their site for before and after pics . Everyone is so professional . Made me feel so comfortable in a new situation . Thank you . I will be returning in the near future .
27. Erin was absolutely amazing and I highly recommend people to go see her ! I felt very comfortable the entire time and love the results of my brows and bikini wax . 10 / 10 recommend coming here it 's very clean and the staff is super sweet ! ! !