Product ID: xeSE3ct_V9U3_ibcrpb3_g

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the food was average or decent, but nothing spectacular. There were some complaints about the service being slow or poor, and about hygiene issues at the restaurant. Some people also thought that the portions were on the small side.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Most of the reviewers thought that the food was decent, but nothing special. They noted that the soup was salty and not well made, the fish batter was too thick, and the avocado and chicken grilled cheese was bland. However, they also said that the red Thai curry was good, and that the triple decker grilled cheese sandwich with bacon was really liked. They noted that the steak sandwich was a good value.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
This location is just bad , the food is terrible and service is average at best .
I always receive good service from the wait staff and I always enjoy the food here .
The food was also really delicious at a decent price as well .
Food is ok , it 's consistent but average .2 .
The price is reasonable and the food is in big portion .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews for this product are mostly negative, with reviewers citing bad food, terrible service, and small portions. Some reviewers did enjoy the food and service, however, and found the price to be reasonable. Overall, it seems that this product is not very highly regarded by reviewers on Yelp.

****** Reviews ******
1. Nice decent pickle barrel location . Cozy and quiet away from all the hustle and bustle from the mall . We also have a little one yr old and needed high chair for her so we decided give this place a try . Definitely beats mall food court food .. not bad food and really good service .
2. Quite possibly the worst service ever . If I could give this negative 5 stars I would . Some genius decides to put wet coleslaw with my wrap . Soggy and nasty . I don 't understand how it takes 20 minutes to make a wrap and put some coleslaw in a container . Sucks .
3. I had a lovely evening at The Pickle Barrel . Our server , Summaya , was amazing . She provided me all the services I needed within two - three minutes of request . The food was also really delicious at a decent price as well . I am definitely going back again !
4. This location is just bad , the food is terrible and service is average at best . Was promptly seated at a table and it all went downhill afterwards . Order the burger and fries , hard to screw that up right ? Fries was stale and the burger was oily as hell .
5. I 've been here many times before because of the convenience of it being in the Markville Shopping Centre . With the recent upgrade in terms of renovations , it looks better than ever . I always receive good service from the wait staff and I always enjoy the food here . A great comfortable place to dine in !
6. I 've been here for an hour and a half and the food has not arrived . Service sucks ! The portions are on the small side and the food Is just ok . I will never come back here .
7. I like this family restaurant . The price is reasonable and the food is in big portion . I recently came here for breakfast , ordered an eggs benedict and multigrain French toast . The portion is good enough to share among three . The smoothies and shakes are good as well . It is a nice place to have a drink in between shopping .
8. Good : 1 . Food is ok , it 's consistent but average.2. Conveniently located inside Markville Mall and rarely a wait to grab a bite during shopping.Bad : 1 . Bad for people who have trouble deciding what to order as their menu is too large and not focused .
9. Bringing down the rating because they have some hygiene issues when business is better . There was still food on the chair when we were seated , the menus were sticky and there was paper towel all over the floor in the washroom .
10. The variety on their menu is crazy , there is definitely something for everyone . Great service and nice atmosphere , would recommend : ) !
11. We came here several times in the past year , mainly because of convenience and variety of entries on the menu . However , the food is kind of bland in tastes . And the portion is on the small side for the price . Service is not great , as they seem to be under staffed .
12. The service was okay . The fries were yikes . We had a un uniform waiter who tried to service us . The chicken was dry . Plus , we went in on a non busy day and service was still problematic . The water , they left out our lemon wedges . The lemonade juice was terrible , tasted like powder , too sugary .
13. SO SLOW . Waitress talked too fast to the point where I didnt even know what she was saying anymore . Had to wait 5 min just to get a seat . 20 min for a chocolate lava cake . And 10 min for the bill .
14. Honestly , the food was just okay but the service was so bad that I can 't give , what used to be a decent restaurant , anything more than one star .
15. I came to this restaurant for dinner with friends . I had the chicken wings as an appetizer and the BBQ chicken as my main , which I both enjoyed very much , especially the main . But when I got home , I suddenly remembered that I was not served the soup that was supposed to come with my meal .
16. The service there has gotten bad to worse . After 15 mins being seated , we had to get up to find the hoestsss to find our waiter . It took another 15 to get drinks .. The overall service was poor and it has been consistently poor rhe last few times i have been there .
17. I 'm surprise at the low star ratings . I was there for lunch and thought the restaurant , service and food was very good . The staff treat me as a valued customer . The price of the meal was acceptable and overall experience was positive .
18. Food was O.K. But you 'd think a place called The Pickle Barrel would have some pickles . There were no pickles on the menu except on the hamburgers ! Very disappointing .
19. Pleasant dining environment . Friendly service staff . Food was pretty dry , like it has been sitting for a while . Nothing spectacular .
20. Worst experience ever ! ! ! All staff are unfriendly and not helping .. And I ask for managers phone number , they tell me to go get it at front desk by myself .. gosh ! ! ! What kind of service is that ! ! !
21. Both times we 've been to this pickle barrel we have had to wait an extremely long time for our food and the staff did not regularly fill our drinks nor ask if everything was ok . The chefs and waiters were constantly chatting in the back . Our mains came before our appetizer which was 30 mins after we placed the order for everything .
22. I ordered the French onion soup and fish and chips . The soup was very salty and not well made . The fish batter was way too thick . Overall I would not order them again .
23. Worst place ever in the world . No server at all. nobody care the customer. won 't go anymore .
24. I 'm very surprised it got such a low rating . Maybe understaffed from time to time . BUT ! The food is always decent . There 's always a beverage promotion . And it 's actually a decent place to watch the any sporting events . Because of the large screen . Not the greatest in anything . But definitely nit bad at anything .
25. Came for dinner because Joey 's was full and was excited by how appetizing the menu sounded . However the food was a disappointment . I ordered the avocado and chicken grilled cheese and was greeted by extremely hard oily bread and bland tasting chicken . There was barely any avocado and the cheese had almost hardened by the time the sandwich reached my table ... Not impressed : (
26. I ordered the red Thai curry and it was good nothing too special but kinda pricy for $ 18 . My friends got the triple decker grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and they really liked it so all in all it was a good experience and the food was really filling .
27. im always down for pickle barrell as a cheaper low cost family restaurant . I would typically go to pickle barrell if im too cheap to go to keg but want something better than normal ... i suggest the steak sandwhich . ( 8 oz steak w / fries ) the bread it comes with is mainly decoration .. u can eat it if your not full .