1. Usually would stay at Chez Swann hotel, but it gets expensive on the weekends (see my review on tripadvisor), so ended up staying here for the first time, because of reviews and price. It was a good hotel for the price point...... Here is the good...... 1. Great location on Rue Sherbrooke, near McGill University 2. Newer hotel, so nice and clean, not too many nicks and scratches 3. Very good work out and pool facility, has 3 elliptical, 3 treadmills, dumbells up to 50 lbs, free weights with bench, pool and jacuzzi, there is a steam room in mens locker room. You will need your room key to access this area 4. Rooms are large, nothing special. Pretty much like everyother hotel room. My room only had a shower (no tub) 5. Neutrogena toiletries 6. free bottle of water in room 7. Free wifi that has excellent bandwidth 8. Friendly staff 9. Good check in and check out 10. You hear just a bit of noise from the street, but pretty well sound proof. I didnt hear noise from neighboring rooms 11. Need room key to access floors in elevator. Good security measure 12. Price point was great for what you get The not so good..... Nothing was bad at this hotel.... Just some things to keep in mind 1. This is a hotel/apartment complex, so you have to keep straight the elevator banks. They are well marked if you happen across the apartment elevators 2. Elevators have a pretty obnoxious beep/buzz. when you push of floors. Also you need your room key to access floors. This is good for security but bad for ease of use
2. The hôtel is very nice, clean and the staff is very friendly! Everything was perfect except for the beds. DON'T sit on the bed too hard because you could break a bone. It's a shame because we slept at Hilton's lots of time and the beds are usually very comfortable. But the hôtel is still nice!
3. This is a great hotel. Arriving at 8 AM, the staff managed to find us rooms earlier than normal check in. Great prices on martini's from 4 to 7. The breakfast is a bit pricey but very good. The corner rooms are larger and have a bigger bathroom. If you are facing Sherbrooke St, you may want to ask for a higher floor. I was on the 3rd floor and could hear traffic a bit.
4. I visit Montreal several times a year for business, but have not stayed in this property before. It is a longer walk to the office I work in, but I like Hilton hotels and as winter was over I gave it a shot. Was pleased that I did - the rate was competitive for that area of town, the room was a good size, and was clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. I didn't feel any concern walking around the neighbourhood by myself in the evening, or in the hotel. Nevertheless, I appreciated having to use a keycard to operate the elevator. The Internet was complimentary, and was stable in my room on the 6th floor. I will definitely return to this hotel when the weather is more suitable for a longer walk.
5. We thought we would try this new hotel out and we're very pleased. The staff was friendly, the room was spacious, and the hotel spotlessly clean. Just note that the bathroom only has a shower stall - mind you it's two person shower stall but if you're looking for a hot bath after a long day of site seeing... you'll be out of luck (that's the only bad thing I have to say.. everything else was wonderful.
6. I had read good reviews about the Hilton Garden Inn on Sherbrooke and decided to try it. The hotel is very nice and very clean, but is as bland as you get. I think that I will stick with the Omni from now on. The level of service and size of rooms is much better.
7. Cost is a little more than hotels on the same block,but this hotel is new,spacious and very bright. Starbucks coffee is appreciated. Hotel restaurant is not your typical Hilton garden inn dinning room. Loved the sweet potato gnocchi and the thin crust pizzas.
8. Stayed here with my god-daughter prior to her course at McGill University (10 minutes away). Very clean (though an unfortunate whiff of bathrooms in my room), all staff generally very friendly, helpful and professional, food and drink fine (but pricey), facilities good. A safe, modern hotel with no quirks. Would recommend it as such.
9. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. This hotel is at an excellent location, right on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest (West). We found that the property was fairly new, and well maintained. All of the staff we encountered spoke French & English, and happily switched between both based on our interaction. The rooms were extremely clean. Having free access to WiFi, as well as a microwave and refrigerator in the room were really helpful. The bathroom in *our* room did not have a tub (may be a concern for some - not an issue for us). Staying at this hotel will put you within walking distance of the Metro (Place-des-Arts), as well as restaurants/shopping (Rue. St. Catherine, etc). The hotel offers underground parking for $20 (CAD) a day. We didn't experience a problem finding a spot in their facility, and left the car there for the duration of our stay (walked and used the Metro). Overall, I was very pleased with our stay at this hotel. I have visited Montreal several times, and have stayed at a couple of other properties. We found a very good rate for this stay, and would certainly stay here again (if the price is right).
10. Rooms were as expected, clean and tidy. Temp was good, plenty of room, etc. My negatives: was given terrible directions from the front desk on where to buy gas - an hour + later, late at night and in the cold weather I found my way back to hotel now with 1/16 of a tank. I then went back to the very same man and told him and he was oh yeah I did tell you to turn and shouldn't have... Lesson learned is to refuel in the US before crossing the border. FYI the gas station is on Sherbrooke about 3 mins down the road, take a right on to Sherbrooke . Secondly I expected overpriced food at the hotel restaurant but I ran down to grab two bagels for my traveling companion and I before we left on a tour and $12 later I had two of the worst bagels ever eaten. Next time run to the Holiday Inn and grab something from their coffee shop - I think they have breakfast sandwiches for $2.99. Or try the cafe across from there - awesome hot chocolate! Overall nothing wrong with the hotel and their half priced martinis M thru F are a good deal.
11. We spent a long weekend here as the end of a 10 day vacation split between Vermont and Canada. The room was clean and spacious. Water pressure in the shower was good. The beds were extremely comfortable. We got a good sleep here -- it was quiet. The views were reasonably nice, especially from the pool/hot tub on the 11th floor. They have an outdoor sitting area up there too. Parking is a bit extra, but your room key allows unlimited in/out, unlike some other hotels in the area. The internet service was free with the room but was slow.
12. I chose Hilton by doing some research online. I read many reviews of the many hotels in the area. The fact that this one was new and had plenty of parking was important. And then getting a good rate through Expedia clinched the deal. The staff was very helpful even offering a loan umbrella due to the rain outside. The room was very nice and clean. The beds were comfortable. The bathrooms were well stocked. Very much as desribed. Only one comment to add that may not be too flattering. I felt blindsided by the fact that I got a bill the next morning for $23 for parking in the garage. And that we got a $30 bill for breakfast when whe thought it was complimentary. Other than that an overall enjoyable experience.
13. Spent a week here in early October. Was a reasonably priced hotel for Montreal. Good location, close to everything and transit. The room was perfectly adequate and typical Hilton standards. The room had a few extra amenities like a fridge & microwave which are helpful if you're there for a few nights. My only complaint was that at 2300h, you have to ring to get buzzed into the foyer, and its a bit nippy to stand waiting for the night manager to let you in. Overall, this is good bang for your buck.
14. The hotel was simply great. The rooms were large and accommodated the four of us quite easily. Washroom was clean and chic. And the breakfast included in our package was sumptous. Parking was slight expensive at $22 per night but at least it was safe and conveniently located within the hotel. But the best part was the location at Sherbrooke street, just a few minutes drive from the Mount Royal Parc, a walk away from downtown Montreal and a drive away from Old Montreal.
15. Am a regular at the hotel to get there on a regular basis. love this place for its warm welcome, dedicated and friendly, the rooms spacious and clean s with wireless internet access and comfortable work area are important assets. Like the fenestrated pool overlooking the city and the exercise room for the periods of relaxation! In short I feel almost like each time at home, I recommend it!
16. The hotel opened on Wednesday. We stayed for two nites from Thursday to Saturday morning. The rooms are great with flat screen TV, small fridge, aqnd WIFI access. The pool is small but clean, filled with salt water. The gym is well-equipped with machines and weights. The staff is great, very friendly and bi-lingual. The bartender is a sweetheart. The rest. is not great but who cares- you are within blocks of good dining. There is underground parking for $20/day. We will be back.
17. We had never been to this hotel before this weekend, and we do not regret our choice at all! The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, the room we got was huge and nice, the bed was confortable and there was enough parking underground. And, most of all, the price was not prohibitive! Definitely, we will come back nex time we are in Montreal.
18. What horrifies me is that the pool has either sharp edges or glass in it. My son went in for a swim and came out with a deep cut on this toe! Considering suing the hotel Was very disappointed with room service too. Exorbitant prices and very meager servings. Except for the location and the helpful staff, nothing much of worth here
19. My husband and I stayed here for the weekend in December 2010 while coming to Montreal to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel is in a great location ! Near great shopping and restaurants and most importantly Tim Hortons (lol). 2 minute walk to the Metro which takes you all over Montreal fabulously easy and fast! The hotel was spotless and staff was friendly. View of Montreal wasw nice from our room and the room was spacious and the bed soooo comfortable. Overall it was a great stay - we were not at the hotel much but when we were it was great. One added touch was the Neutrogena products in the bathroom, nice big shower and salon style hairdryer. Would stay here again anyday.
20. We opted for the breakfast package and glad we did. The breakfasts were cooked to order and was so filling that we weren't hungry until mid-afternoon. (Probably too much food for small kids though.) The room was comfy, but wish we wouldn't have been on the end. Getting to the lobby from the parking garage is more than a little tricky. We went up the wrong elevator and ended up in the private apartment lobby that shares the tower. Luckily their door man was helpful. The pool, spa, workout area and upper deck were usually desserted when we went there. The pool guy made sure everything was clean and picked up which made going there pleasant. The front desk could have been more in tune with the happenings in town as they didn't mention that the Biodome was closed due to a strike until we got there. We found the location just right for us to get to all the sights we wished to visit.
21. I've never stayed in a nicer Hilton Garden Inn. The rooms were spotless and very stylish, the queen beds were incredibly comfortable, our standard room was very large. I traveled with my two teenage sons, so we asked for a roll away bed for my younger son. It fit in the room no problem, with plenty of space left to use the desk and spread out our suitcases, etc. The rooftop pool and fitness room are gorgeous, the bar/restaurant was elegant, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. The hotel's location was perfect for walking to almost of all of the city's sights.
22. we just returned from our weekend in montreal, the first time we have ever visited...the hotel was immaculate, the rooms were spotless, updated, and roomyThe beds and pillows were amazing!. WE were within walking distance to pretty much everything. I found the front desk staff not to be the friendliest, however, the concierge was unbeleivably friendly and helpful(these guys kno their city!) My only real complaint was the food at the hotel...it wasnt the tastiest, and wasnt good value for the money, i would suggest eating at one of the many restaurants outside of the hotel. Les 3 Brasseurs in old montreal was terrific! Alot of mixed crowd, university kids, singles and families alike. The hotel is very well maintained and in would recommend to anyone with kids or even business travel.
23. Very nice Hilton property in a great central Montreal location. Rooms are very clean and confortable, and they contain a microwave oven, small refrigerator and a coffee maker. I don't usually eat in hotel restaurants, but the restaurant here has really good food. Nice if you get in late and don't want to go out. Staff is friendly and helpful.
24. Great location - speedy check-in - very large room with comfortable bed. Free wi-fi. Clean & spacious bathroom. Room service were fast and very polite. Try the Poutine - it is very good! AS for the view, i'ven seen better, but for a business trip.... not really an issue.
25. After a loong drive from Niagara Falls Ontario to Montreal, all I needed was to relax. I was extremely pleased to see that this hotel was more than I ever expected. The place is extremely clean and nicely decorated. I loved our room. Their bed and linens are very comfortable. I also like the idea that they provide a regular hair dryer, not those crappy ones attached on the wall. The hotel is a close walk to other sites in the city. Great stay in every way for me. Hotel staff especially the two concierge were very helpful and friendly.
26. We flew into Montreal to attend a wedding in Burlington, Vermont (about 1 1/2 hours away). Unfortunately, our luggage didn't make it, and the exit off the highway to get to this hotel was closed. Thankfully, a nice front desk person gave me personal directions to get to the hotel. The room we had was very large and tastefully decorated. The front desk was as helpful as they could be in a lost luggage situation, but they would not give us some basic toiletries (we would have to pay) which every other Hilton I have stayed at would be happy to do. The parking is expensive - $22 CAN per night, and the hotel taxes plus the basic rate made the hotel rather expensive - even for Montreal. Our breakfast was included, but if not it was also a rather pricey $16 per person. Next time we are in Montreal, unless we can get a bargain here, we will probably stay elsewhere.
27. Travelled with my daughter for some shopping. Best features : Very clean, well appointed rooms, everything new, friendly staff. Several nice cafes right next door and grocery store and pharmacy across the street. Fridge and microwave added bonus. Best thing I liked was the quiet - someone was smart enough to add design features to minimize noise - ice machines are in a separate room, doors do not slam, modified layout (no long corridors). Things that weren't particularly as issue but good to know about - the outdoor patio deck is very small. Maybe 7 or 8 chairs at best and for a good part of the day the deck is shaded. It's about a 10 minute walk to the main shopping area of St.Catherine St. Overall, very good value and good choice for parent and child (quiet, and felt secure there).
28. I recently visited Montreal with my family. We wanted to stay downtown but close to the old city and of course in a well-priced hotel. Besides the convenient location of this elegant, clean hotel, the customer service was impeccable, and the food fresh and delicious. To our surprise (but a pleasant one) they do not have the typical breakfast buffet - they only have a few items and the rest (eggs, omelettes, etc.) was prepared fresh and to our liking - but at buffet prices! The room was also extremely clean and tidy and everything in working order including a microwave oven which was ideal to warm up milk for our infant! The staff were extremely friendly AND knowledgeable. They helped us with everything from restaurant recommendations/reservations to sightseeing tips, guided tours, and shopping. They also sent us to pretty much the best coffee houses I have enjoyed outside of Europe. Finally, at the end of the day, we enjoyed a very quiet and relaxing room - we could barely believe we were downtown. Definitely staying here again!!! See you soon Montreal!!! Oh almost forgot...they have a salt water pool...
29. I can't say enough good things about our stay here. We are a thirty year old couple, and we wanted to be downtown within walking distance of things to do. The location is great, right near the entertainment district, within walking distance of the old port and lots of shopping, restaurants, and other attractions. The hotel itself was very nice, everything looked clean and new. The pool, gym and hot tub on the top floor was fantastic, with a view of the city. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. There was wireless internet, magazines with info on things to see and do, and the room service food was yummy. We also had the breakfast buffet in the restaurant one day, it included a huge selection of different foods for under $15, plus a daily special, also included (on the day we went it was a strawberry chocolate crepe). I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants quality for a good price. Fabulous!
30. This was my first time at this hotel and I was truly impressed by the cleanliness. The staff was courteous and knowledgable about the city. The hotel's location is close to most attractions and reasonably priced. I'll definitely book next time I'm in Montreal.
31. We stayed here April 7,8,9 &10. I chose this hotel over Embassy Suites because of the pool. We never ended up swimming but my husband did use the jacuzzi and said it was wonderful. Prior reviews said the pool was small but I thought it was a nice size. Based on prior reviews I was expecting a kiddie pool but I thought it was very nice. The buffet was included in our pirce and was the BEST I've ever been to. One suggestion for the crepes, try something other than chocolate with strawberries every day. I think I saw bananas with nutella somewhere. Anyway, the room was nice. Standard size. Nice view. Two others suggestions. When we arrived, we asked the front desk about local things to do and they directed us to the concierge who was very helpful but it wasn't until the last day that I discovered a rack of brochures hidden around the corner of the front desk near the office meeting rooms while on my way to their computer room to print our boarding passes for the trip home. You can print them from their wifi from your room but that system was temporarily down. Odd that the brochures wouldn't be prominently displayed or that the front desk would not make us aware of them either. They should. Lastly, this happens at all hotels, but it would be nice if you are booking a room for three people to have toiletries for three people in the room when you arrive instead of having to call housekeeping for extras. I had no problems with my bill regarding parking fees like others wrote. I would stay here again if I knew I was going to use the pool and if I were coming in better weather. I will stay at the Embassy Suites if I decide I want a bigger room.
32. This is a really great property. Very modern facilities throughout, nice clean spacious rooms, free internet everywhere, great restaurant...although breakfast should never cost $17, but it does! And the location is really fantastic. A bit on the east side of downtown but it you are doing anything that is taking place at the Place des Arts, this is a great place to stay. Staff were all exceptionally friendly (It helps when you pull up in a classic Corvette;)) but seriously, staff were really, really great. Don't hesitate to stay here if the location works with your Montreal plans.
33. I've stayed at this hotel a few times before and each stay has been wonderful. The staff is friendly and polite and were very helpful to recommend some great places to visit in the city. The property has a great location, beds are comfortable and rooms are a nice size. The restaurant is also very good. Cleanliness is always a big concern of mine when staying in hotels, but there was no issue with that here... Rooms are clean, so are the hallways and the fitness center too. I would definitely recommend this hotel for business and/or pleasure!
34. Stayed here with my wife and two daughters during the opening weekend of the Jazz festival. The hotel was completely full, yet everything worked flawlessly - no waiting for elevators, efficient room service, etc. The location couldn't be better - easy access to both old town and other city attractions (and steps away from the festival). Large, clean rooms, super-comfortable beds, no issues with noise, great climate control system, clean, safe garage. My daughters enjoyed the pool - it is enclosed, but there is plenty of fresh air coming thru sliding doors leading to a roof deck. All in all, met and exceeded our expectations on all fronts! Bravo to the management team! And, on a separate note, here is a restaurant recommendation (15 min walk from hotel): Mbrgr - very hip, great food, not cheap but probably the most fun place in the city to take your older teens / young adults too - and you can enjoy watching their excitement while drinking Mojitos from a $49 pitcher :-)
35. We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of our 2 week holiday, We are ex-Montrealers and stayed at the hotel while we were vising family before undertaking our trip to Quebec's Gaspe Coast. The hotel is your average business-oriented hotel in the centre of Montreal. It is well situated. The room was clean and well lit; the TV modern, the beds comfortable, the staff nice. Being ex-Montrealers, we did not need any help with getting around the city. And we only used the room, not any of the other facilities in the hotel. My interaction with staff was minimal. My only complaint was the high cost of parking and the parking garage which I found to be very cramped. The garage has concrete posts everywhere and one must be very careful otherwise your car will be damaged.
36. This is definitely one of Hilton standard hotel. Big room, confortable bed, nice view and clean room. Stuff was very helpful as well. Top floor gym and swimming pool is definitely worth checking. Sham it was raining when we were there, but there is terrace and should have nice view of the city. Downtown location and walkable to every sightseeing spots.
37. Check in and check out was quickly (actually, there was no check out procedure, since the receit was at the front door on my departure day). The hotel is brand new, its location is very good, the business center was at hand, staff was nice, wireless internet worked fine, room was spotless. I wish all hotels worked like this one.
38. We are frequent travelers to Montreal, and we've stayed in lots of hotels in the downtown area. We chose the Hilton Garden Inn Centre-Ville based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. It was pricey, but the reviews made it seem like it's worth it. Unfortunately, it wasn't The good: the hotel is in a good location. The facilities seem relatively new. The bed was comfortable and adjustable. The bad: many have mentioned the shower OR bath issue, so there's no need to repeat here. We weren't given a choice and got a room with a floor, walk-in shower, which wasn't our preference. The gym looks good on the surface, but the equipment is cheap and flimsy, especially the treadmills. Finally, our room wasn't cleaned; they simply forgot to do it. To be fair, we got some apologies from the management and an offer to clean it around 7:30 pm (which means we would have had to leave the room), but it was really too late because we were tired and wanted to rest. In all, we won't be returning to this hotel. Overpriced for what you get.
39. Loved the Hilton Garden Inn. I found it Grey Cup weekend after research I did online and after reading several reviews.. I stayed here for 8 days. It's in a great location - close to the metro and a 10 minute walk to the heart of St. Catherines Street. McGill is nearby so there's lots of restaurants and shops. Old Montreal is close by metro or cab ride. Rooms are decent size, bright, clean, new, and the beds are really comfortable. Daily housekeeping was efficient and did a great job. Microwaves, fridges and coffee makers in each room were a nice touch. The staff is friendly and helpful. The food and the restaurant is good and room service very reasonable. The fitness centre has about 8 cardio machines, weight machines and free weights, plus a pool, hot tub, and steam room. All were in great shape and never very busy. I would definitely stay here again!
40. My wife and I stayed here for one night this past weekend and were very pleased with the hotel. I got a room last minute using my Hilton Honors points. The bottom line is that I have stayed in plenty of Hiltons all over the world and a few Garden Inns and this Garden Inn was on par or better than any Hilton I have ever stayed. For starters, we arrived at noon on Saturday, hoping for an early check-in. To our surprise, a room was ready for us. It happened to be a corner room on the 3rd floor. The room was huge, probably the biggest hotel room I have ever stayed in, including suites. I estimate it was 400 square feet. What a great surprise! The room itself was well appointed, immaculately clean, and well organized. The hotel overall was very nice, probably somewhat new, impeccably clean, and inviting. The staff were probably the best part. The concierge worked with us to make several dining recommendations, even calling around on a Saturday night when we were kind of desperate to get into a good restaurant. He was really top notch. When we checked out at noon the next day, they were kind enough to store our bags for us for a few hours while we wandered around downtown. We didn't use any of the hotel services, such as the pool, gym, restaurant, or bar, but we did walk around and check everything out, and it all looked great, especially the pool and the gym. The location is very central and you can walk to anywhere, including the Place de Arts, Old Montreal, Le Main, etc. We would definitely stay here again.
41. Stayed in Montreal a couple of nights during a fly drive around Lake Onatario and the St Lawrence River. Eventually arrived at the Hotel after terrible traffic along Sherbrook Street and the check in was very smooth if a little rushed, given key and pointed towards the car park. The room was large and the bathroom was spacious, very clean and plenty of towels. As the weather closed in and it started to pour down we decided to eat in the hotels restaurant, it was very pricey, but we thought we'd treat ourselves. There were plenty of waiting staff and they were all very nice, but hadnt a clue what to do, they all stood around, fell over each other and the whole meal took almost 3 hours, we waited and waited and eventually got our 'fillet mignon' which was tiny and very over decorated, infact the meal looked a mess (what we english class as looking like a dogs dinner, i'm sure you understand that meaning!!??) it looked like a child had been let loose in the kitchen, we then waited 45 minutes for desert, which was pulled from a big catering box right by us, so much for home cooking! This was supposed to be fine dining??? McDonalds could have done better!!!! Needless to say we didnt eat there again. Also the hotel is a good half an hour away from the main river side sights, its close to the shops and a rather dodgy area down Bleury Street (dont go down even in the day you'll be hassled by homeless people). For the price we were charged we expected much better.
42. We stayed there a few nights after switching from a hotel that had no pool. We ended up not using it but did go check it out, rather small but it looks nice and has a jacuzzi next to it. Seemed to be in use pretty consistently during our trip. The rate was a very affordable 155$ for a suite per night. The room was bigger than some (though not overly large for a suite) with a separate dining/meeting area. It was well maintained and very clean but I don't understand why hotels persist in those stand up showers with doors that leak all over the place. Our floor was wet every morning after we showered because the door did not close well and wasn't flush on the bottom so water could flow out. A minor complaint but it's the same in many hotels I stay. My only actual complaint is that the bed had to be the most uncomfortable I've ever slept in. Even with the mattress where you could change the stiffness we woke up with back pain every morning. The pillows were also enormous and fluffy making for an uncomfortable night's sleep. The location is good, not the greatest as you are a few streets up from everything but it's Montreal so you know there is a metro station within a 5 minute walk. Actually, in the summer it would probably be just fine but in the winter you need to contend with wet sidewalks, puddles, rude drivers who splash you, etc. The city does a terrible job on the snow removal so we had wet feet the entire time.
43. My second stay at this hotel, and once again they did not disappoint! Despite the presence of all the hustle and bustle of the Montreal Grand Prix, the hotel staff were extremely well-organized and the hotel was as quiet and peaceful as it was during my last visit...and no waiting necessary for breakfast in their restaurant. Best part of the stay? My Hummer actually fit in their underground parking lot!
44. From the moment we walked in we LOVED this hotel!!! The staff was so helpful and extremly friendly :) We were thrilled with everything in this new hotel, the best parts would have to be: The rooms were huge and the beds were soooooo comfy and it doesn't stop there, the roof top pool and terrace were Amazing, we spent the whole day up on the terrace in the sunshine ;) Not to mention location just a few steps from all the shopping too!! I would highly reccommend this hotel, we will definatley be coming back again and again!
45. I stayed at this Hilton Garden Inn for 3 nights whilst in Montreal on business. My spouse came with me and spent the days wondering through Montreal while I was working. The location is excellent, next to the financial district, entertainment district, and at the foot of McGill's campus. It was a 5 to 10 min walk to a metro station, depending on your pace. The location sells the hotel, but the staff, cleanliness, and service were all top notch - even above Hilton's generally good standards. My one complaint is that the windows need to be washed. Yes, the weather has been pretty bad, but the construction next door has meant a good bit of dust, so it would be a good idea to wash the outside of the windows more frequently. My other complaint is that one cannot open the windows, which is usually a no-go for me. I will stay at this hotel on my next trip to Montreal. It was really a great one!
46. There are 2 totally different reviews for this hotel depending whether you are planning to park there or not. If you are coming by bus, please skip the next few negative lines: The garage is deep underground and unattended - I would never allow my wife or daughter to join me down there and certainly not allow them to go by themselves. Sublevel one, two and three are usually full, while sublevels 4 and 5 are reserved for local apartment renters. That leaves sub level 6 that is usually gated - they expect you to exit your car and find the dungeon phone to call the desk and have them send a person down to open the gate. Nothing like getting out of your car in an unattended, garbage- smelling, dungeon to use the wall phone. Then, once you find a spot 6 levels underground, you need to go through a series of poorly marked, poorly lit, doors to find the elevator. And, of course, they charge $22 per day for this awful adventure. Coming by bus? The lobby is great and the rooms are clean and adequate (although we had no view - just the hotel air conditioner.... pretty bad). The mattresses are not bouncy.... we jumped in and it felt like a sand box. It must be a new style because we did sleep ok. The bathrooms were meticulous and the shower was great. Hence, this is a mixed review (the price of $160/night prepaid was fair). I must say that the staff at the Hilton are truly great. Ruebens and Christopher are part of the concierge staff and there's nothing that they wouldn't do for you. Christopher spent a long time explaining how to get from Montreal to Ottawa and was truly a pleasant fellow that had me thinking positively about the Hilton experience. (clean room, no bugs, friendly staff, fair cost...... I guess thats good).
47. We did alot of reviewing of hotels in the Montreal,down town area and very glad,that we chose this one. It is within walking distance of almost everything. The hotel itself is very up to date and very secure. You need your room key card to enter different section of the hotels,including to be able to operate the elevator. We ate one night at the hotel restaurant,it was just ok.Venture out,cause there is some great places to eat. The pool and ho tub,are on the roof section of the hotel,which is very nice. Also an area to lounge on the roof,with great views of the city. The hotel has it's own underground parking. It was like 20 dollars a day but believe well worth it,knowing your car is in a secured place. Overall,a great hotel and a great comfortable stay.Would definately stay here again
48. Been to a lot of major centers in North America and this hotel had by far the best customer service exerience across the board in all catagories. Rooms were great, food was great and the hotel is central to pretty much anything you want to see or do. $7 taxi ride to old Montreal:) The staff have a customer centric attitude which came across as genuine. Underground mall 3 blocks away goes on for miles. Old churches on almost every block. Unexpected great experreince in hotel and Montreal.
49. We were able to check in early and our room was spotlessly clean. Strong, free WiFi, easy walking distance to shopping on St. Catherines (5 mins), Starbucks coffee, a microwave and fridge round out the offerings at this hotel. The bed was very comfortable, with a note that indicated that even the decorative pillow cover was laundered for every guest - a nice reassurance as I always wonder about these pillows and usually have to stash them in a far corner of the room. The pool was also very clean, not too cold, and the hot tub was the perfect temperature. The hotel provides pool towels in each guest room so there are no piles of dirty towels in the pool area. Great idea. Security is better than in most hotels as guests need a room key card to operate the elevator. Just remember to bring it with you every time you leave your room... Underground parking was reasonable for downtown ($21) and the garage is spacious. Staff were friendly and capable throughout our stay.
50. This hotel was wonderful! The bartender was willing to banter, the front desk was helpful, the concierge was so wonderful (and quite handsome). The hotel itself is located within walking distance of most of what you'll want to visit, provided you don't mind walking a little. There are maps available at the front desk. The swimming pool and jacuzzi were a nice relief at the end of a day of walking. Overall, a wonderful hotel with wonderful people.
51. If you knew your shower didn't work would you still let people use it? my boyfriend and I took a one night trip and decided to stay here. There was one room open and we took it. With no warning, the shower flooded our whole room into the lobby ceiling and all into our room. 10 gallons of water out of our carpet later, at 1130 at night we finally got some sleep. The next day everyone was very nice, but they knew the drain didn't work. Next time, just don't offer the room.
52. We checked into the hotel early Saturday. The front desk was very helpful and offered to hold our bags until our room was ready. The front desk personel are very friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel is a quick walk to the Metro and we were able to use that to get all around town to visit the botanical garden, Jean Talon Market as well as a number of breweries on St. Denis. Can definitely walk from the hotel to downtown - 10 minutes. The rooms were clean, the beds extremely comfortable. The hotel had a little snack store and the rooms have microwaves, which was great for when we returned back late at night and had the munchies. We did use the pool and it was clean. My only comment regarding the pool is that there is not nearly enough tables / loungers to put your stuff on while you take a dip. The view from the pool area is great since it is on the top floor. We def. plan on going back to Montreal again and would not hesitate to stay here again!
53. I Would not hesitate to recommend " THE HILTON GARDEN INN MONTREAL" to anyone. GREAT STAFF! THE rooms and not to mention the whole hotel is very clean, even the LOBBY WASHROOMS were impeccably clean not like some hotels that concentrate only on the rooms being clean! Being a fork lover, I also enjoyed the culinary experience of the cozy restaurant .....excellent food, good variety and courteous professional staff. Merci, to all the staff! Gio.
54. I stay at a lot of Hilton Hotels, but the Hilton Garden Inn really made me appreciate staying at a Hilton. The rooms were so quiet and peaceful, I spent as much time as possible there, relaxing. I would highly recommend this Hilton to anyone looking for a hotel room that will relieve your stress.
55. Disclosure - I am a Hilton Honors member. I find in general the Hilton Garden hotels are good value for money and this one is no exception. Very friendly welcome and I was quickly in a very spacious and spotless room. Very comfortable bed, excellent working area with wireless and cable internet, and a superb Hermann Miller chair. The following morning breakfast service was excellent. The evening menu is a little limited. Fine if you are tired and can't be bothered to walk just down the hill towards the centre of Montreal, but probably not the place to entertain a customer. On the second morning there was some confusion about my omletter order, but when the waitress brought the check she had removed the omlette cost on the basis that the level of service I had experienced was not to the standard they wanted to offer. Location is good. You could walk to the Central Station or to the 747 Express Bus Stop to the airport in 10-15 minutes. I did not have time to explore the pool or gym facilities I'm going back to Montreal fairly often over the next few months and I have no intention of looking at any other hotels
56. I simply make this hotel my "temporary home" in Montréal. Luxury hotel at affordable price The restaurent is great and not expensive compared to everything around. Dont miss Susan's smile at the bar and enjoy the nice "zen" terrasse. Enjoy the salt water pool! I've done them all... simply the best in Montreal for a reasonnable price
57. The restaurant menu is surprisingly varied and interesting. I sat at the bar and ordered a martini - special tapas and martini half price menu before 7 pm weekdays. Of course no choice of liquor brand and smaller quantity but at half price who is counting? The tapas I chose - salt cod cake - were excellent, the cod taste and texture very much in evidence in the crisp cakes. The dinner menu special included a rack of lamb for $39. It could have fed 3 people and you can call me names but I ate the whole succulent and perfectly cooked and seasoned 8 ribs and gnawed on the bones as if alone in my own kitchen! I stay here twice a year and have never regretted it!
58. This hotel is defenitely overpriced at +200 euros a night! It is very noisy: the room windows do not have sufficient glazing to keep out street noise and the rooms have very thin walls. This hotel had several bachelorparties which caused a lot of noise as well. When asked to get another room or at least free earplugs, hotelstaff refused to give the plugs that they themselves sell in their shop. Hotel was fully booked, so relocation was impossible. This hotel is part of the Hilton group, but doesn't meet Hilton standards. The bathroom was very small, no bath and the blankets were uncomfortable as well. I have stayed at the Montreal Sheraton prior to this stay, and have slept better and more quiet there, for a lower rate. Pluspoint: free wifi
59. I like this hotel, my first time travel to Monteal, stayed for three nights, fair price, and very clean nice room and facilities. Good services. I love the breakfast, variety choices, although you have to pay for it, but worth to do that. Parking a little bit expensive, but all the downtown area are like this. Overall a nice hotel to stay and walkable in summer to all the good places around downtown. Walkable to Chinatown as well :)
60. This is a clean and modern hotel conveniently located right downtown, near the Place des Arts Metro and theatre, and about a 15 minute walk from Mount Royal. The room was large, clean and comfy. We also enjoyed the pool and whirlpool, which were located on the roof, offering great views of the city. There's a large balcony area outside the pool where you can lie in the sun. My only quibble was that the ice machine on our floor didn't work despite repeated calls, although it was over the weekend, so it could be the repairman was not available. The staff were very friendly and helpful in suggesting nearby attractions and restaurants. Other than that, this is a great hotel!
61. Good hotel in downtown montreal but slightly expensive. It is close to underground city (only couple of blocks) and host of restaurants. The in house rooftop gym and swimming pool is quite nice. Only complaint being that I had to pay 17$ for breakfast after paying 140$ for room.
62. Awesome bed, very comfit. Really firm and clean sheets everyday. The view was ok, but we were not there for it. I didn't visit the pool, but apparently it's amazing. Staffs were great and very helpful. Near the nice action in downtown Montreal.
63. Travelled with a colleague to Montreal for the weekend and found out, to my silent delight, that my room and bathroom #1508 was much larger than his. Although we paid the same rate (CAD 180+++), I don't know the reason behind the discrepancy. Nonetheless, both rooms were clean and tastefully furnished. The chair at the desk was fully adjustable, and made working on my laptop much easier. I have been in many hotels where the chair is a standard upholstered chair and the height is really not suitable for business travellers. The bathroom (8'x10') was large and toiletries were by Neutrogena. Do note there is no bathtub. The Hotel provided a Get Fit Kit for free by request. This comprised of a medicine ball, 2 dumbells, a yoga mat, a resistance band, and some other exercise gear. Great for a workout in your own room! I took a peek at the gym and the small indoor pool and was not that enticed to use either. I did not have breakfast included in my room rate but did not have difficulty finding food around the hotel. There's a cafe in the basement of the building just a 3min walk away (turn left when you exit the hotel) that serves a decent eggs benedict and pancakes. There's a creperie (turn right when you exit, and it's on the corner) that had jars of nutella in the window! Very tempting... I ate at the lobby restaurant late one night and found the generous serving of smoked beef sandwich quite tasty. The chocolate souffle was a little too runny in the middle for my liking. Although the food was not outstanding, it was reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant. Location, as other reviewers have mentioned, is great. It's a short walk to the metro station and the concierge will call you a cab to the airport if needed. I'd stay here again and would recommend anyone to do the same!
64. We stayed at this hotel for my stagette. This is a good hotel, well maintained, great service, very very clean. The rooms are spacious, well lit and modern. The location is great, close to old town, shopping on st. catherine and close to outremont.
65. Second time staying here. It is becoming our favourite place to stay in Montreal. Friendly Check-In staff, great location, immaculately clean rooms. We checked thoroughly for bed bugs and found no trace of them, which is great for a big city. Nice pool and rooftop deck. My only negatives are expensive parking, the shower leaked (I felt bad for the housekeeper as the floor mat was soaked), and I received no newspaper even though I was charged for them. These are minor issues and not going to prevent me from coming back.
66. I can only add to the praise this hotel has received in other reviews. Spacious, clean room with well-appointed bathroom. Comfortable bed. Quiet room (granted, we were on the end, on the rear side of the hotel). While waiting for my friend to retrieve something from the car, I was politely asked by two bell hops if I needed assistance with our bags. It is a short walk to the Museum of Fine Art, the Contemporary Art Museum, Old Montreal, Parc du Mont-Royal, McGill, etc. And the price was very competitive. I highly recommend this hotel.
67. This hotel was a big surprise. Went there with my wife to watch the pro cycling races. We took our bikes and were concerned that we would have trouble storing them in a typical downtown hotel room. No problem here! Not only was the room large enough to fit the bikes - around 400 sq. ft? - but it was clean and modern and included a mini fridge. The restaurant was excellent and the service was top notch. Great location near McGill and Mont Royal.
68. Being an elite member of several hotel chains I have to say that this Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Montreal is the way above the best! The staff are ultra-attentive and are willing to bend over backward for any and all request. If you don't have time to grab a bite out, be sure to visit the hotel restaurant for an amazing meal presented in 5-star fashion all while tantalizing your taste buds. For a week of business or a long weekend get-away this Hilton has it all. Check in and forget the hassles... focus on what's important.
69. Spent 2 nights there with my wife in her business trip. Ths Hotel was compliant to its claimed standard and quality, but it lacked a little of personality. The weak point was the breakfast, not really what we were expecting for that type of hotel. Other than that, room was very good, we had wifi access, and the swimming pool on the top of the building was pleasant. Overall, I would suggest this hotel if you are willing to spend $180+ per night.
70. Rooms clean and comfortable, but all else will nickel and dime you to death. Parking around the hotel is $10-$12 per day, but hotel charges $21 per day. $5 for coffee, $5 for a bagel. Room rate is deceptive.
71. We had to park 6 floors below ground in a dark, smelly area that didn't seem safe. Everything else was great. No Car? Then this is hotel is for you. Need to Park? Then, take your $22 a day and look elsewhere!
72. Stayed in this hotel from Dec 2nd - 4th, 2011. Staff were helpful but not overly friendly. Didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so couldn't say whether it's good or bad. Our room was very clean and we got fresh towels for the 2nd day. The room was smaller then what was expected but big enough for the two of us. Asked for a room with a view when we got there, but they couldn't accomodate, so our view was kinda crappy. The hotel is in a great location right downtown, close to lots of restaurants that are within walking distance (even in the cold weather), and about a 15 minute walk to the shopping area. Parking at the hotel was pricey. Cost us $50 to park for 2 nights, which we thought was a little bit costly. Overall, a nice, clean hotel.
73. I've traveled to Montreal for work about ten times in the past few years and stayed at several hotels. While all have been very good, I have been consistently happy with this facility due to the reasonable rates and 1st class service. Disclosure: I am a Marriott Rewards silver and Hilton HHonors Diamond member and typically chose places where I can get points. Although downtown Montreal is dotted with several facilities from both chains, this HGI facility is a few blocks walking from downtown (centre-ville). Between price, service, quality of accommodations and location, it really is a gem.
74. Excellent staff, location; can't beat the price for the type of room provided. Great dining, close to everything downtown. The steam room is really the cherry on top of the ice cream. I would sugguest other hotel chains send their managers to this loction to learn how to treat guests.
75. We are generally loyal Hilton Garden Inn customers, but this one just didn't make it for us. The room was too warm, and there really was no way to adjust the A/C to make things cooler. Beware: no bathtubs. Just shower stalls, so they told me. The lady of the house was not amused. And the plastic floor covering of the stall already had bubbled. The placement of the rail in the stall was not ideal either. The internet service was as slow as molasses in January (circa 1992), both in the business center and, even more pronounced, in the room. I was not amused. This could have been an anomaly, but I'm glad I wasn't there on business. We're diamond club members, so we received the complimentary breakfast buffet --- but that was a disappointment too, a surprise for Canada. We actually paid to eat somewhere else on the second day of our stay. The parking garage is fine, as long as you take it slow. The location is good for walking to Vieux-Montreal. We've seen worse for sure, we also expect a little more from this chain.
76. The Hilton Garden Inn is a good, reliable hotel in downtown Montreal. The rooms are spacious, clean and have all the amenities you need (safe, coffee maker, iron, wifi, large comfortable beds etc). We could hear some streetnoise (it was frosh week at the universities), but nothing too disturbing. One minor drawback is that there aren't a lot of restaurants in the immediate area (although there is a very nice local coffee shop nearby for breakfast and lunch). It was a bit more removed from the main shopping / restaurant area than I had realized, but still only ~a 10-15 minute walk. In the summer, the hotel restaurant has a cute little sidewalk patio that we quite enjoyed in the evenings. The food was decent too. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
77. We spent 3 nights in this hotel in ocotber. First of all the room was really nice, with a good and confortable King size bed. The room was really clean and a good size. The hotel location is aboslutely perfect, it a walking distance from boulevard St Catherine (5-10 min) and Montreal business district, 5-10 min from the boulevard St Laurent were you will find many bars and restaurant, and 5 min to the place des arts district. The gym are and the swimming pool / wirlpool located on the 11th floors are nice and you have a nice view all around. The value was definitively really good for Montreal, and I will definitively goes back.
78. I have stayed here before and continue to enjoy the Hilton Garden Inn, located in the Plateau de Mont Royal area. Though close to major restaurants, La Place des Arts and its metro station, shopping, and entertainment, it is also a relatively quiet area compared to other sections of the city. Since I use the hotel mostly for sleeping, I find this makes it very attractive. The rooms are spacious, well appointed, and comfortable. This is not a glamorous, trendy place; just a great well-managed hotel at a reasonable price.
79. We stayed on the 5th floor overlooking a road junction. And so there was some road noise. Not that much, but enough to irritate. The poor rating for the rooms is purely because of the noise. The rooms were a good size, and the beds very comfortable. There was a micowave which was useful for us. I asked at reception if I could borrow two plates, and I was sent to the restaurant. Eventually after wandering around a busy restaurant, I managed to attract the attention of a busy waitress, who duly obliged. What happened to service ? Actually, exactly the same happened in the Boston Hilton a few days later so it maybe it is company policy. There is a pleasant swimming pool on the top floor, which was nice.
80. I travel to Montreal about five times a year for business, and after staying in a bunch of different hotels over the last few years, I've settled on this as my favourite. It's a touch pricey but overall it's worth it. The rooms are clean and well decorated, food in the restaurant and room service is very good, and the staff are very friendly. The exercise room, sauna, swimming pool and hot tub are really nice. Location is great; you can easily walk to downtown shopping and restaurants, a quick walk to the metro, and a cheap cab ride anywhere downtown. The underground parking is bright, clean, and easy to access. In short, a great place to stay!
81. We stayed at this hotel before and had a wonderful time. this time was great as well!! the staff is always very helpful and we loved our room! Clean and fresh and very welcoming! we love the location of the hotel cause its central! We finally got to try the hotel restaurant this time and enjoyed our meals. Great service and not over priced for what we had! all in all a wonderful second visit! we will be back! !
82. 5th time visiting montreal, have stayed at 3 different hotel chains but this time we selected the Hilton Garden inn. The best choice we could have made. The rooms were spacious and the beds amazing we have even contacted the hotel for a contact to buy one for home. The Hotel was very clean and the staff made us feel right at home, hats off to Lisette at the front desk and Fausto the doorman. We had all our meals at the restaurant Circos which all were amazing first time in a hotel where we ate all our meals in the Hotel, the selection and quality exceeded our expectations. The pool and gym were great the view was amazing. Anybody visiting Montreal would be missing a lot if they do not stay at the Hilton Garden Inn.
83. My wife and I stayed at this hotel on the reccomendation of friends, From the moment we arrived to the time we left, the staff was always very attentive to detail and made our stay a very plesant one. Hotel was very clean... well-situtated and I would definately reurn again....
84. Hilton Montreal downtown is very well located on sharebroke street and is close to major downtown areas. The hotel offer great restro in ground floor and soothing pool and work out area on top floor....ameneties and service is top class. It came for ~ 140 CAD which for location and service was a great value. For business traveller or people going for fun hotel is ideally located ...:))
85. My stay at the Hilton Garden Inn - Centerville in Quebec could not have been better. Starting with location - a metro station is a block away around the corner. We arrived, parked our car in the underground garage (there is a fee for this) and used the metro throughout our stay. The reception staff were very gracious and efficient. Our room was very nice. The view was not spectacular - but it was inconsequential to me really. 2 queen beds with comfy mattresses and warm duvets. A big plasma TV, wireless internet and a spacious clean bathroom. The room was always toasty warm - which I appreciated as the weekend we went to Montreal was really cold out. I slept well every night. Breakfast was included with my room - and was excellent as well. In addition to a nice buffet - they offered cooked-to-order eggs, pancakes and french toast. Nice waitresses bring coffee and keep your cup full. There is a indoor pool, a large spa and gym on a top floor and offered a nice view of the city. All in all - a great stay and I would definitely book there again.
86. As a business traveller this hotel had everything I needed. It was extremely clean, the service was great and I liked the office space in the room. There is a Provigo (grocery store) very close by which is extremely convenient. All in all, I would definitely recommend.
87. I've stopped here twice now, both times during the F1 GP... its a very nice well located hotel. the Breakfast is good value, delicious and very well presented, the staff are polite friendly and very helpful. The rooms are big, the bed is very comfy - one of the best hotel beds i know!!! I would recommend this hotel.
88. Our weekend was punctuated with spa treatments, gym and fitness, shopping and great meals. All are within easy walking distance of the Hilton or within the property. The room was lovely and fresh. Staff were very polite and friendly, and made the extra effort to help us with whatever questions we had. Even though the hotel was full, we never felt rushed or neglected and always received individual service. Well done all.
89. Just a quick note on the exceptional service we received at this hotel..the rooms were nice and comfortable...the front desk took care of all our questions....it was in walking distance to many of Montreals night life scenes. A ride to the casino was $20 including tip.
90. We stayed here for two nights from 24 to 26 Jul 09. We made our reservation directly with the hotel on its website. For the price we paid (CAD$194.48/night plus $20/day for parking) , we expected breakfast to be included but was told when we got there, breakfast was an extra CAD$16/person. Check-in was fast and without any hassle. Parking was at the underground parking lot accessible by elevators. Security was very good as you need to use your room card key to use the elevators and to enter the parking lot. We were assigned a room on the 2nd floor with terrible view. The room was ordinary (2 queen-size beds, TV, fridge, microwave, coffee-maker, small bathroom). The bathtub was dirty though; there was dirt around the tub. We had our breakfast at the Cafe Circo at the lobby on the second day. It was a buffet with your choice of eggs/pancakes/bacon/sausage cooked to your liking. Cost for two adults was CAD$31.50. Our 4-year-old ate for free. We were not too impressed with the breakfast so decided to go a nearby Chez Cora the next day. The swimming pool, hot tub and fitness center are on the 11th floor, also accessible with the room card key. Location is excellent as it is just two blocks away from the main shopping district. Overall, it was an okay stay, but we would not stay there again because it is not good value for money. Wew ould try the Holiday Inn next door the next time we are in Montreal.
91. I loved this Hotel. Staff is super friendly, and helpful!! Awsome atmosphere. I stayed for a Wedding and everything went great. No complaints at all!!!!! If you are looking for a Hotel near everything downtown this is the one!! !
92. Steps from McGill University. Right downtown. Secure (you need your room key card to take the elevator to your floor). Our booking included breakfast, $14 dollars per room extra per night and got full breakfast for 4 - not too shabby (and the breakfast was good...). Parking is reasonably priced, secure garage, with in/out privileges... we asked and they let us keep our car in the garage for a couple of extra hours after check out (you should ask though...! ).
93. Stayed there last month on a week's vacation. Found the hotel to be in a nice location whereby we can easily access via subway, buses, walking to most places such as St Laurent, old montreal, downtown montreal. Very happy with this factor. Service-wise the hotel staffs were all very nice, friendly and helpful (giving tips on how to get to places within montreal). They have free internet service in your room as well as computer for use in their business centre with printing facilities (all complimentary). Room is clean and large. Has microwave and a mini fridge in the room. Hotel is also not far from the airport. Taxi fare costs less than CAD30. Getting to the train station is also nearby.
94. One of the attractions of staying at a Hilton is expecting a standard level of customer service and satisfaction. This hotel was beautiful, new and well kept, but the "service" provided by the staff and the management of this hotel fell well below Hilton standards. It's pretty basic to arrange wake up calls, but in this hotel, we only got one of the three arranged (not appreciated on the day of an early morning flight!). We reported minor maintenance issues in our rooms and they were not resolved until having to report them multiple times hours later. Basically, everything we spoke to the front desk and duty manager about went unresolved. Be very careful with your bill when you check out of this hotel. Do not charge anything from the bar/restaurant to your room or they will automatically add a 15% gratutity to your bill (although this practice is not posted anywhere and it comes as a surprise to the customer). They will also not be able to provide you with a breakdown/details of your restaurant/bar charges. According to the room key sleeve, they will deliver a newspaper to your room every morning, and if you refuse, they will credit your account the cost of the newspaper. Make sure you refuse this and get the credit, because even if you're a Hilton Honors member, they won't deliver any paper to your room. They don't deliver the paper to anyone. There are many good hotels in downtown Montreal. Too bad this one is such a major disappointment.
95. If you have kids who attend McGill University, this is the place to stay in downtown Montreal, when you visit them. Rooms are clean, roomy and reasonably priced. You need your room key to activate the elevators, a security feature I like very much. Room service is prompt, but starts only at 8 am. Their own restaurant quality is good. You can park and lock your vehicle in the basement, watch out you have a large SUV or sedan; parking is very tight. The good news is, you won't need to take your car out since all downtown attractions are walking distance. Overall, will not hesitate to come back again during my next visit.
96. Spent two nights here on business. Amenties were standard HGI. The restaurant has a great outdoor seating area... terrific for a drink. Fitness center is on the 11th floor - the city views were a nice change of pace. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Couple of downsides - the speed of the internet service was extremely slow... I had better luck with my wireless card. And the elevator access to/from the parking garage is a bit confusing and inconvenient. There are two sets of elevators from the garage - one to the hotel, the other to a condo building above the hotel. Neither is well marked... I wound up in the lobby of the condo building more than once. And the elevators for the hotel only access the first two levels of the four level garage... plan on having to take the stairs if you wind up parking on levels 3 or 4.
97. I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for two nights during my birthday (woohoo!) weekend. I’m a HHonors member, and I booked the room using HHonors points. The hotel is in a great location. It’s close to a subway station and within distance of Old Montreal, Chinatown, and much, much more. The hotel is very modern and is kept extremely clean. The room has a small refrigerator and microwave for your use. Their pool is located on the top floor and there’s even an outdoor rooftop deck where you can lounge and enjoy the scenery. In fact, you can see the Montréal International Fireworks Competition from the rooftop deck. It’s not as good as being at La Ronde or at the Jacques-Cartier Bridge, for example, but if you don’t feel up to leaving the hotel – it’s perfect. All of the staff were great throughout my stay. The breakfast was absolutely wonderful! There were cold selections as well as cooked to order items such as crepes, waffles, eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and bacon. I would definitely stay at this hotel if I’m in Montreal again!
98. I have stayed in a fair number of hotels over the years and the staff at this one are the best I have ever encountered. My family found the front desk people just so friendly and helpful. The young lady who checked us in saw me in the parking garage several hours after we checked in and greeted me by name. She was then kind enough to give me directions to some of the local points of interest even though she was off duty. The rest of the staff were equally ready to be helpful. The room itself was quite nice, my daughter loved how soft the pillows were and rates all other pillows against these. The top floor pool has a nice view of the area and is long, if a little narrow. The restaurant on the ground floor was excellent, too. We had it all to ourselves since we ate at seven PM, way early by Montreal standards I think. The food was delicious and the wait staff were very pleasant and seemed genuinely concerned that we enjoyed dinner, which of course we did. We had a wonderful stay in this property and recommend it for anybody wanting to stay in downtown Montreal. The secure parking in the basement is a huge plus in a downtown setting.
99. My family stayed there during the weekend and we had a tremendous time. From our checkin, the front desk staff was welcoming and very very helpful! The room was well laid out, very clean and welcoming! All in all we will be staying there next summer when were back in beautiful Montreal!! !
100. Usually stay at Sheraton.. but not any more - clean rooms, Digital temperature control (not at Sherton's high class rooms), flatscreen, Microwave& fridge (bonus), Free internet. Great location and very safe - nice fitness room and pool as well (basic - but highquality for holel - large area new machines and EXCELLENT steam room)
