1. At first i thought this was the perfect Hotel for our first trip to Toronto. The location is great, the hotel itself is fairly new so everything was clean and nicely presented. But then it was all down hill from there. First, there was absolutely no housecleaning/maid service! We were there for 4 days/3 nights and every day we had to track down a maid to request clean towels. We requested to have a maid clean our bathroom and take the trash out, no one ever came! Second, after 11pm you have to use your room card to get into the building. After swiping your card then you are questioned by someone about which room you are going to. One night, while we were coming back into the hotel, we had one guest come up to our room to visit us....but we were informed that our guest had 10 minutes!!!! and that after 10 minutes they were going to come up into our room to check if our guest was still there??!! Our guest was not spending the night only visiting us!! Third, when it was time to check out there was no bell boy to help with our bags. We were informed that we can get the cart and use it ourselves. Fourth, when we gave the valet our ticket stub he came back with the wrong car! It is not that hard to match up numbers on tickets to find a vehicle. How easy could it have been for someone else to leave with our truck if they could bring us the wrong car? Fifth, we were told there was 24 hour room service, when we inquired about room service we were told the kitchen was closed! Sixth, we were told over the phone that we could get a roll out bed (cot) for free, when we arrived we were informed that to add a roll out bed would be a fire hazard.
2. Stayed here for 4 nights in June (just before the G20 summit so was full of police officers - never felt safer!). A fairly small hotel for Toronto but modern (it is a pretty new property) and very, very clean. The staff on the front desk were very polite and helpful. We had one of the King rooms with a whirlpool. It had a lovely spacious bathroom and a really comfortable bed. The whirpool was great - it is located in the bedroom rather than the bathroom and was big enough for two! There was also a fire in the room which I imagine would be cozy on winter nights. We really enjoyed our stay here, it is in good location in the Entertainment district, and though we didn't try the restauant or breakfast it looked very good! Would definitely chose this hotel again!
3. We stayed at this hotel for a conference at the Toronto convention center. Our convention was only a couple blocks away. Took about 5 minutes to walk. The hotel was clean and the rooms modern and good sized. The bathroom was lovely and clean as well. Surrounded by lots of restaurants and two less than two blocks from great shopping. There are lots of parking lots near by that look cheaper than the hotel valet system (one right across the road). Overall great hotel and all you need for downtown Toronto!
4. We love this hotel.It is clean and beautiful.The staff treat you like friends.It is so centrally located that you can access downtown Toronto at its best.You are in walking distance to everything.We will be staying here again for sure. The rooms are beautiful and spacious. We would highly recommend it to everyone!
5. My wife and I stayed at this hotel to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary. Some of the pros: 1.) Rooms are clean and spacious with your own refrigerator and microwave. Since this hotel is fairly new, the bathrooms are very nice. 2.) The bed was the most comfortable bed that I've ever slept in. It is a sleep number bed so you can adjust the firmness. 3.) Staff was friendly and helpful. 4.) Indoor pool if you want to take a dip. 5.) Location location location. This hotel is in walking distance to most of the downtown attractions such as the CN Tower, Queen St, Front St, even Wayne Gretzky's restaurant is right down the street. 6.) Free high speed internet. I really don't have anything bad to say about this hotel, the price is a little steep per night but it is definitely worth it.
6. Stayed here for a week, the hotel is nice, rooms are nicely appointed. Also it is conveniently located near a Shoppers which, with the in room microwave and fridge it makes it easy to have a quick snack in the room. Also very convenient was the free in-room wifi which I really appreciated as so many hotels still do not offer the in-room wifi option. With regards to the nightclub next door. I spoke with the front desk and they gave me a room as far away as possible, I did have to do a little convincing but it was no problem to be moved. There was an event on at the nightclub one night and I never heard anything. For some this may not be an issue, but also be aware, most rooms do not have bathtubs, just standup showers, so if you like to bath or have children who you need to bath, this is likely not the best choice.
7. my wife and i were on vacay. and we were out most of the day, we had a bed, tv,shower, toilet, coffee maker, fridge, and a microwave. housekeeping was super here. all of the staff were super friendly. the pool and jacuzzi were awesome after waling around all day. nice fitness room to. the room was perfect, comfy, almost felt like we were home. everything was super clean. good breakfast. the hotel itself was perfect. as most reviewers said, the nightclub is loud. hotel cant help that. what makes is worse is the drunk people returning to there rooms from 12am to 5am. they like to stay there for a night or 2. saturday night i took ny-quil so that i could stay asleep and had no issue that night. the club is the only negative i could find here, and thats only friday and saturday night. makes for a rough nights sleep.
8. We stayed on a wag jag jaunt deal and upgraded to a jacuzzi room. We arrived an hour early and the room wasn't available but we were able to leave our bags and have the car parked no problem. The room was lovely, fireplace jacuzzi king sized bed. All very clean, there was a couple of hairs in the tub but everything else was spotless. The bed had a control to change firmness which was neat- overall could have been softer but no complaints. I would recommend staying on a floor higher than 10, I am a light sleeper and woke up at 230-330 AM after the bars let out and there was a lot of noise below! They had set up late checkout for us which was great, very nice to lounge until 1. Only other thing to note would be that the jacuzzi jets randomly turned on a couple of times but it was never when we were sleeping so not a big deal. Overall a positive stay, staff were courteous & friendly and would comeback again.
9. I stayed for 5 days attending a conference and would stay here again. Pros: convenient central lOcation, very comfortable bed, free wifi are all great aspects for business or leisure traveler to have. There was also a small fridge and microwave in the room. Cons: Saturday night was very noisy-- club on street just below the hotel had noise that was heard even on my upper floor room with windows closed. Other non-weekend nights were better. I would stay again if coming to Toronto
10. I recently stayed at te Hilton Garden Inn to try something different. The lobby is quite lovely, the parking is expensive. Be aware that this is in the club district so be prepared to encounter drunk people on the weekend stumbling about. The room was clean and quite large. We had a room with a stand up shower which was fine by me. I truly disliked the bed. It was an adjustable bed that allows you to choose the softness, I found it to be lumpy and uncomfortable. we enjoyed the pool and hot tub albeit not very deep. There is also a small fitness center. My fav part was the breakfast buffet. The price is very reasonabe and the quality of the food was great. They let you take some take out back to the room.
11. We just returned from a weekend getaway to Toronto. We had purchased two WagJag Jaunt coupons for $149 a night. That included $50's per day toward any hotel expense as well as the breakfast buffett. The hotel was very clean, room was quite large and shower had good water pressure. (once we figured out how to work all the shower heads) The walls were very thin though-we could really hear our neighbours mini party at 2AM in the morning. This would not be an issue during week with business travellers, but there were many young people around on the weekend. The room had a small fridge, microwave and large TV. The location was excellent, right across the street really from Theatres and Second City Comedy club. We went Friday night and it was quite good! It took almost 30 mintues to walk to Eaton's Centre and just five minutes to Roger's Centre. The restaurant food was excellent-we had chicken stir fry and shrimp pasta. The breakfast buffett was very well stocked and had lots of options. Made to order eggs, french toast, waffles, omlettes, fresh fruit, cereals, selection of pastries, yogurts..you name it. The pool and hot tub looked nice and clean, although we didnn't use it. Definately recommend the property. The front desk staff responded quickly to the noise at 2AM with the room next door.
12. Met family in Toronto for Blue Jays games and had two rooms, each with two beds reserved for Saturday night. Arrived early before noon and didn't expect to be able to check in but was able to leave cars in hotel parking with our bags and were told to return after the game and we could check in. After 5 PM they still did not have two rooms available and suggested we go to dinner and then they'd be ready, Well, at 7:30, after dinner, they still did not have rooms ready (housekeeping still working on them!!!). The four kids, and the adults, were all tired of this. Front desk person said we could get into two adjoining rooms right away, but each room only had a king bed and a pull-out couch. We took them, but when went up, one of the rooms only had one bed and no couch!! Back down at the desk we were offered a portable cot "free of charge". Our original two rooms were finally clean but had already been given to someone else. Ended up with a nice room on the tenth floor with a good view of the CN Tower. Other than this terrible time getting checked in, this hotel was very good. Great location, especially for going to Rogers Centre, plenty of places to eat nearby, very good breakfast buffet, and has pool for the kids.
13. Great hotel! Excellent location! We could see the CN tower from our room. Bathroom very clean. However the carpet in the room had 2 stains. Since we never walk bare feet on the carpet and the rest was clean, I assumed it had been cleaned but it didn't come off. We were allowed to check in a couple of hours earlier which helped us a lot (to drop off the luggage). Wireless internet was complimentary in the room which is great. There was a little noise in the adjacent rooms, walls are paper-thin as in most hotels. Recommended!
14. I spent a night here using a wagjag voucher (amazing deal), the hotel was great, nice room, very friendly staff.. loved the free cookies in the lobby! The only issue was that it was VERY NOISY at night having multiple clubs right outside the front doors. We were on the 15th floor and it still carried up and made it hard to sleep. If you are a light sleeper bring ear plugs.. the hotel should just warn people ahead of time or have ear plugs in the rooms as a courtesy. Everything about this hotel was great it's too bad something so negative like this is pretty much out of their control. Restaurant was really good too with great service! I would recommend this hotel but wouldnt stay there again on a night the clubs are open.
15. We had a Wag Jaunt for a 2 day stay this past week for 4 friends ( my 19 yr dtr. and her friend and myself and a friend). We had no trouble getting there - handy to Lakeshore Blvd. Walking distance to so many things to do and see. Cora's is just down the street for lunch. They let us have early check in and late check out. I thought it would be noisy at night when the clubs close but we were on the 9th floor on the east side and did not hear a thing. Breakfast was wonderful- the staff encouraged us to take whatever we wanted to go - with paper bags made available. Nice lobby with fresh cookies in the evening. We would love to come back.
16. We were so pleased with this hotel that we stayed an extra night! We liked so many thinga about this Hilton, but probably the best is LOCATION. We were able to walk to everything in Toronto. That said, the rooms were wery nice and a good size for a city hotel. Having the refridgerator and microwave is essential for us when traveling with our kids - so that was a plus. The hotel seemed to have a balance of families, business, foreign tour bus groups and couple travelers. It was also VERY quiet. The beds are firm but the pillows are soft (perfect combo for me). The valet parking service guys are really nice and rest assured your car will be safe. OKAY, LASTLY - - BREAKFAST IS AWESOME. Pool/Hot Tub isn't much to write home about.
17. The hotel delivers on everything it promises. I used the room for sleeping and to prepare for some meetings. Quiet, comfortable and utilitarian. I used to stay at the full service Hilton on Rishmond, but I prefer the low key ambience of this Hilton brand. The bed and the linens were excellent. I kno they have some sort of sleep selection gizmo on the bed, but I fell in love with the mattress all the same. I wasn't staying there for a vacation, although it makes a nice place to do that if you are visiting Toronto, but was there for a good night's sleep for business. I got that rest I needed and just for that, the hotel gets my repeat business. The dining option was reasonable and the food (dinner & breakfast) was ok. Actually, dinner was of better quality than I was expecting since this wasn't a full service Hilton. yet the restaurant had the same high quality as the big box Hilton. The prices were comparative to the restaurants in the neighborhood with the difference that service was much better and of course there was the convenience. There was even a decent wine selction and a waiter that offered reliable advice. Someone invested in training the staff and it showed. The hotel also had professional trained desk personnel. I was checking in and waiting while one of the people at the desk was providing directions to a guest. Sometimes desk people can have an attitude, but not this woman. A sincere smile and a really good attitude. That's how a hotel gets repeat business and builds brand loyalty. I am usually tough in my reviews, but honestly, I can't find one fault with this place. I got what I paid for and a bit more at that. Maybe some hotels have a lower rate, but if you are looking for consistency, and quality at a competitive room rate in the downtown core, you really cannot go wrong with this place.
18. We stay here often. The staff is pleasant and helpful. The rooms are modern, very clean and have many more amenities than one expects, including fridge, microwave, large HDTV, adjustable bed, spacious bathroom and, if upgrading, a wonderful Jacuzzi. Hot breakfast is on until 11am for (civilized) late sleepers, and offers lots to choose from, all good and very well prepared. The service is great and you must try a croissant - the best.
19. Traveled to Toronto for weekend Jay's game and visit the Hockey Hall of Fame. The location of the hotel is excellent for these attractions. Very easy to get to - but parking is an issue and the rate of $35.00 / day is very steep. Valets were excellent with our vehicle. The front desk was very curtious and all the staff always said hello. BUT ..... there is a new night club beside the hotel called "Tryst" .... needless to say it is techno music and it is all you can hear until about 3:00 in the morning ... especially in the summer when they have their patio open and are projecting video's on the side of the building. This was a saturday night - I do not know if it is the same any other night of the week, but I would definitely ask to stay on the north side of the hotel and up higher if I ever travelled there again. We complained the next morning and they said we should have complained the night of ... but other people we talked to said that they did complain and nothing happened.
20. Spent the Thanksgiving weekend at the Hilton Garden Inn on Peter St. A lovely, clean, modern hotel downtown. We arrived early and checked our bags and came back in the evening. Some reviewers had mentioned the noise from the clubs so we asked for a quiet room and were not disappointed. Did not hear a thing the whole time we were there. Wonderful beds and linens. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. The pool and spa were much appreciated as was the Marquis dining room where we had a great breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere. This was my second visit to a Hilton Garden Inn and it will not be my last.
21. I recently travelled to Toronto on business and stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn downtown. As I travel regularly I am accustomed to hotels and the level of service. This hotel, by far, is the BEST hotel I have every stayed at. The service was exceptional and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. The staff, including the General Manager, ensured that I had everything I required. The facilities are also better than I have encountered in any hotel. They have an incredible pool and gym that are both kept impeccably clean. Be it for personal or business I highly recommend this property....it's location to all downtown amenities, sites coupled with the extrodinary customer service and high quality room make it a must!
22. I went to The Hilton Garden Inn on Peter Street for a one night stay with my BF to celebrate our Anniversary, we opted for the King Room with Jacuzzi and Fireplace. For anyone wondering (like we were), the tub is huge, more than enough room for two people. The room itself and the hotel were very nicely decorated, combining old and new accents. We were on the 9th floor facing West and the view was so-so, but to be honest I wasn't there for the view anyway. I found it very quiet, although I did note a club directly next door with a patio, I could see the noise being a problem in the summer with nightlife in full swing. The area is FULL of restaurants and it's literally a 5 min walk from Front Street. The staff were very friendly and unintrusive, check in and check out were quick, under 5 mins. All in all, a nice stay.
23. I have stayed at this Hilton Garden on Peter street on business many, many times-so when planning a weekend visit with the family I had no hesitation to book- Its well situated, clean and modern and generally a very good value and the Hhnonors perks are good- WOW what a difference during the weekend-instead of business folk and tourists-its packed with club kids and partyers-the staff do their best-but its noisy and the area around the hotel is pretty crazy late in the evening on weekends- I will stay again during the week-but never on a weekend
24. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel, helpful staff, clean tidy room, comfy beds, great location, it was a perfect place to stay. The only bad things that i can mention are that during my stay another guest decided to set the fire alarm of at 04:30, not a wake up call I want to repeat. Plus the spa had too much chlorine in and that my eye's were stinging. Would I use this hotel again? yes without hesitation.
25. BAD: Make sure you request a room that is not above the nightclub downstairs on Peter St. We were on the 17th floor & we could still hear all the music, even with our windows shut. Thought we were safe so high up, but it was still noisy. Can't imagine if you're on the lower floors!! GOOD: Location is awesome!!! You can pretty much walk everywhere in downtown. We found the best street to walk - Queen Street & it's just a few short blocks from the hotel. Tons of little restaurants, small shops (not big retail stores), kind of an artsy feel. Also, tons of bars everywhere!!! The hotel's restaurants was actually good too!
26. First stay at Toronto with hubby. We wanted to be close to everything but didn't want to spend major bucks to, so we decided on this hotel; we didn't regret it! Walking distance to almost everything. Not near a subway, but no need, we walked everywhere. Nice clean room, big bed, big shower in the room. No frills, but clean clean clean. I'm a worrier about cleanliness, and clean it was. Free internet was nice too, and useful. The staff was nice to us, and our demands were answered quickly. The only thing i would not recommend is eating at the hotel; with as many restaurants nearby, go out. Going to go back there again when coming back to toronto!
27. Stayed here for 3 nights in spring and had a good time despite the bad weather. The hotel is very conveniently located in downtown Toronto and overall the stay was very satisfactory for the price. I used the fitness center and pool which were both small but well maintained. Pros: room very clean and well-lit; staff extremely helpful; extra comfortable beds (probably one of the best hotel beds I've slept in) Cons: room internet was very slow except for very basic email checks; breakfast room was understaffed so that two frantic staff-members were running around looking very flustered and struggling to deal with all the guests
28. Stayed here for our last night at end of two weeks in Canada, having stayed at the Marriot Residence Inn in the Entertainment district for the first 3 nights of our holiday, Whilst we got a good value deal there for a one bedroom suite, I have to say I preferred the Hilton. Clean, shiny new hotel with spacious welcoming lobby and attractive decor. Our room had two double beds with all new fitments to a high quality. Linen crisp and clean, beds comfy, v quiet with view over CN Tower. Pool and hot tub clean, though bizarrly no changing room. The most strikingly superior feature compared to The Residence Inn was the breakfast which was AMAZING at the Hilton! My kids loved making their own waffles, whilst a chef prepared cooked breakfast/omelettes/pancakes to order. Fresh fruit and fruit juices, breads and pastries, and coffee brought to the table rather than stewed out of a communal urn. Great location for CN Tower/Blue Jays with plenty of local bars and restaurants, and easy access to tramcars. Night club outside was busy, but we heard nothing from our room. In summary, comfortable clean moderm hotel in great location - I would definately stay here again!
29. We stayed here twice during our vacation. The first night was during the huge Caribe fest and it was crazy outside! Lotsa partiers everywhere, but thanks to hotel staff & security you'd never know. Was close to watch the Jays, only a couple of blocks away. And to CN tower. And Hockey Hall of Fame. 1/2 block to Wayne Gretzky's! :-) Rooms VERY clean and were comfortable and roomy...sitting chairs and ottomans to put your feet up. But the best thing was the staff! Exceptional service! I was sick the last day and my husband and son ditched me to tour around. The front desk made sure I was ok and comfortable and even went out of their way to offer soup, neo citran etc. THANKYOU! Would definitely stay here again when we go to our next Jays game!
30. Nice staff, great location, wonderful breakfast, clean modern rooms, but if your room is on the south side of the building, the noise from the club next door will rock your world until about 2:30 AM. On the first night there, (a Friday night) our room was on the 16th floor and faced south. The music started at about 11:00 and was pounding loud until 2:30 am. After getting only 4 hours of sleep, I requested a new room. The next night I was in a North facing room and it was fine. All in all, a nice place, but I would only stay there if they could assure me that I would not be on that side of the building!
31. We stayed here one night on our vacation while touring the Toronto area. We chose it because we wanted to eat at Gretzky's for supper and then visit the Hockey Hall of Fame and the CN Tower in the morning. The location was good for us but it is definitely not the nicest area of town. The hotel is beautifully decorated, very modern and the restaurant was great for breakfast. Our check in experience was not great. They told us in a very rude tone and with attitude that our credit card had been declined over the last few days and that they had tried it several time so we would have to provide a cash deposit. Now, keep in mind that this is the third Hilton we had stayed at in three days and the other two had no issue and also my husband is a Gold member. Anyway, we called visa and it turns out that the Hotel had been entering the wrong expiry date. Their fault, not ours, no apology from them. Another issue I had is that we always ask for a room on an upper floor, this is the only Hilton on our entire trip that did not honor our request. They only put us on the 8th floor. It was a very noisy Saturday night as there was lots of partying going on in the streets till 3 or 4 in the morning and we could hear it loud and clear. I would not stay her again because of the rude front desk staff and the street noise.
32. What a wonderful overnight stay as we prepared to go to Sick Kids the next day. From the valet staff to the front desk, to the cleaning staff, everyone was curteous and very friendly. Whomever has trained the satff at this hotel really did their homework on the importance of smiling and friendly service. My room was sizeable, very clean, in fact the entire hotel has an almost brand new feel to it. The bathroom has no bathtub (who uses that in hotels anyway?) and instead had a very large glassed in shower area. Fridge and microwave in the room were very convenient. the Pool, while not large, was comfortable and clean, and the workout facilities were excellent. Staff at the complimentary breakfast were also superb,. All in all, a great overnight, and I would not hesitate to stay there again.
33. My boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend january 21-23 and the people were nice not that we were in the hotel to much other than to sleep but the bed was absolutely awful it was like sleeping on a board. my boyfriend and i both went home sore and dead tired from trying to find a comfortable way to sleep tossing and turning all night but there was none. we were so tired and sore from bad sleep we went home early on monday without shopping or anything the room was kind of plain we had the room with a jacuzzi and fireplace but both nights when we were in bed sleeping the jacuzzi mysteriously turned on and woke us both up and we couldn't figure out how to turn it off. overall the people were nice but because of the uncomfortable bed we would not stay here again. oh and our room had an extremely loud fridge.
34. Stayed here for two nights in July while the Red Sox were in town (Rogers Centre). Hotel is new, everything was in good working order. Staff was friendly, easy check-in. Rooms were large for a downtown hotel, nicely appointed. We had 2 Queen beds as well as an arm chair, desk, and flat-panel television. Bathroom was a good size, with typical HGI finishings and amenities. The mini-fridge and microwave were very handy. We were on the 17th floor and had a nice view of some of the taller buidings as well as the CN Tower. 4 blocks to the Rogers Centre, 3 blocks from Queen St West. Can't complain. The surrounding areas were a little loud at night as it's in the middle of a bar district - however it didn't really bother us in the room. The hotel was sold out for both nights we were there and we didn't hear any neighbours, ever. Pool is very small, and every time we stopped by there it was quite busy. Didn't end up using it. Didn't try the restaurant. Lobby was a little small and at times quite crowded, but once you pass through that it was a non-issue. I would recommend if looking for a mid-priced hotel in a central Toronto location - very clean, comfortable and new.
35. It's pretty clear that this hotel did not train the staff before opening: You can only valet park your car for $35. When we asked where the nearest self park ramp was, no one had a clue! We were given a room with a Jacuzzi in the bathtub. We asked to be assigned to a room far away from the elevator so we do not have to hear it all night long. We were given a regular room and when we called to ask to have our room replaced with another Jacuzzi room it took 25 minutes for the front desk to call us back. They told us there were no other rooms with a Jacuzzi (which was bull on a Wednesday night). So we decided to use the pool and hot tub instead. We changed into out suits and tried to figure out where the pool was located. We called the front desk and they told us the pool was not open yet. How about a sign that states this at the front desk so we don't waste our time changing and taking off all of our makeup! The wallpaper in the bathroom and our room was warped, bubbled, etc. It was clear this hotel was put up in a rush. There were weird grease marks on the wall as well. We tried to exchange our American money and the hotel tried to charge us a rate that would give us LESS money back even though the American dollar was worth about $1.20 that day. We stayed at another Hilton before that ALWAYS gives us the current exchange rate. The fire alarm went off in the ENTIRE hotel very early in the morning because someone burned toast. Seriously toast woke us up! We had to call the front desk to figure out what exactly was going on. Did we need to leave? There was no announcement until 5 minutes after the alarm stopped! Will stay at the real Hilton the next time!
36. This Hotel was excellent! Stayed here 3 nights last weekend and I couldn't have asked for anything better. The rooms were very clean and nice. Everything was brand new and of great quality. The breakfast at the restaurant downstairs was delicious!! Although Friday and Saturday Night was a bit noisy compared to Thursday night it was tolerable. It is in a great location and in walking distance to all the entertainment in downtown Toronto!
37. My business associates and I are Diamond, Silver and Gold Hilton honors members and stay at Hiltons all around the world. Never again will I waste money at this property. Over a 2 week period I paid for 10 room nights here with our business. From the check in we were given a hard time because I wanted to pay for all the rooms under 1 card. It took a manager to approve doing it and he only did it under duress. Then we asked 1 special favor. Could you clean a room at 10 so we could have a meeting in it. The service manager refused! Never in my life have I spent so much in one place and been treated so poorly. Too many options in Toronto to waste your money here.
38. If you are looking for a hotel centrally located and no too expensive, this might be your place. It looked brand new and it was very clean, everything from room to washroom and public hotel spaces. There were a microwave and a mini fridge which was very convenient, and they actually worked. LCD TV and free internet connection at decent speed were available. Breakfast too expensive for what you got, even if the cooked food is made upon request. Try for free the delicious kind of home-made biscuits available all evenings at the front desk (or the fresh fruit in the morning for that matter) and go to grab your breakfast somewhere else. Gym is very good, and to my surprise, was empty the couple of times I went about. Don’t take the limo to the airport. It cost you at least double of the standard taxi ride. Main attractions (CN Tower, Skydome) are less than 10 min walk, as they are all the theatre district amenities. You don’t need a car to get the most of the city; I rather recommend you walk as much as you can, you would not regret it.
39. Spent a long weekend here in November and would return. The rooms are in excellent condition, housekeeping is very good, and the location is very handy to everything downtown. I would avoid the restaurant in the hotel as the service is slow and inconsistent. There are literally hundreds of other options nearby. I suggest you ask for a room on a high floor as there is a noisy club South of the hotel on the ground floor.
40. I really enjoyed staying in this hotel. I only stayed there for one night but the room was very comfortable and clean. The staff was friendly and they did all they could to help us. I particularly loved the breakfast they offer where we have a choice of a continental breakfast for $10 +tx or a buffet (all you can eat) for $15 +tx. The only 2 things I didn't appreciate were out of the control of the hotel: first there is a club right next to the hotel and we could hear the loud music coming from the club late at night (being on the 3rd and 15th floor). Another thing is try to avoid the public parking across the hotel. The man there told us that at the hotel we can park the car for $35 and had to take it out before 1 pm whereas we can park it for $40 in his parking until 3 pm. Then we asked the hotel (after we parked our car in the public parking) and they said that we'd pay $35 until 3 pm!! So it would have been much safer and cheaper to park the car at the hotel.
41. I stayed at this hotel on Saturday, November 21st. The hotel was very nice. The rooms were fabulous! We had a room with a king bed and a couch. Nice finishings, very comfortable bed, beautiful bathrooms. I was there with three other couples and they also loved the hotel. We enjoyed a buffet breakfast at the hotel restaurant on Sunday morning and then we called the valet parking to get our cars (two cars for the 8 of us). This is where the weekend turns for the worse.... The valet ticket says to call down 30 minutes before you want to leave. When we called they said it would be 20 minutes. We went down 20 minutes later ready to go and the guy said it would be another 20 minutes! We went to wait in the lobby... we were not the only ones! The lobby was packed with people waiting for their cars. We spoke with the lady at the desk and all she had to say was "we have never had a Sunday like this... We have another valet employee coming in in an hour" Not helpful! 40 minutes later we finally got our cars. Total wait time: 1 hour. Ridiculous! We would have been back to K-W by then. Clearly they need more than two valet guys working on a Sunday morning when everyone is checking out for the weekend There was a party going on at 1-2AM beside one of our rooms. We called the front desk and it was taken care of within 15mins. Also note that there is a very busy club right next door to the entrance of this hotel. Caused a bit of noise and just a lot of people right outside the hotel entrance. (didn't bother us much as we are young and used to club crowds, but may not be best for families.) Hotel rooms and restaurant = great "Valet" = brutal and ruined the whole stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone during the week or anyone without a car on the weekend.
42. My fiance and I stayed at this hotel the last time we went to Toronto to see a jays ball game, located a few footsteps from the cn tower/rogers centre, very convenient location, very good price, clean room, friendly staff, but as other reviews say, and we were expecting it and didn't mind considering the price and location, this hotel is right next to a night club, so the music really boom booms until early morning, unless you are a light sleeper, I would recommend this hotel to you.
43. Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for 3 nights in June. Describe the service you experienced - Front desk staff very polite and friendly. Check in was very quick and easy. Top tip!!! If you use the restaurant (we did for breakfast) don't pay with cash!!! Put it on the room account. It took nearly half hour to get change! They don't keep change in the restaurant!!! Bizarre! Also, the staff for some reason couldn't seem to do the sums right! Took three attempts to get my change right and even then they got it wrong! The staff were very friendly and service was great just lacked a calculator! Tell us how you liked the room - Had a 2 queen bed room - very spacious and beds were extremely comfortable. Free wi-fi! Also, think I may have been lucky with a view from the room of the CN Tower! Talk about the location & amenities - Location is very central with all major attractions close by - walked everywhere. From the airport got a car that seated 5 people and luggage and cost $65 which we didn't think was too bad - took about 25 minutes. The hotel had a indoor pool and gym facilities but didn't use them. Food for breakfast was very good with lots to choose from. Say what you liked best & least - The best part in my opinion was the view of the CN Tower, but not every room will have that - other than that it would have to be the room size and beds. The palaver with the change in the restaurant was the only niggle and although it was a little comical, I can imagine it would become very irritating if it happened more than once.
44. We always use Hilton famliy hotels, and Hilton Garden Inn is my favorite. They have great rates, and works good for all purposes. We decided to sleep at the newly opened HGI Toronto Downtown. Good location, walking distance to all major attractions in Toronto. The hotel is brand new, fantastic rooms and public areas. Nice little indoor pool as well. Breakfast was splendid as usual at Hilton Garden Inn. Custom made omelets, with several side dishes and great selection of juice, milk, cereals and fruits. Possible to make your own waffle as well. Only con during the stay was that the hotel didn't provide cellphone chargers, since I had lost my converter and had to buy another one.
45. I think we got one of the best value in Toronto. The room-rate of this hotel was much less expensive than others and we had a perfect stay. The descriptions of the neighborhood other reviewers made in the past are correct: there are some questionable-looking people, but that is just one of the elements of any big city.
46. The rooms in this hotel are really nice and the front desk staff were very friendly when we checked in. However, it's right next to a really noisy nightclub. So, on Saturday nights at least, you're not going to get a lot of sleep.
47. Just returned from a 2-night stay at this hotel for a little getaway with the husband and kids. It was so inexpensive for the area and amenities. Service was fast and friendly. Rooms are attractive and well-appointed with super comfortable beds We were traveling light and didn't bring our laptops so the business center with free internet was a definite plus. The lobby has delicious cookies every afternoon. The indoor pool and hot tub are nice and we had the whole area to ourselves when we went. After checkout the hotel kept our baggage for us so we could spend the day in Toronto without having to lug it around. The 15-minute walk to Union Station is very easy and convenient. Would stay here again!
48. I was with my wife in Toronto, September 2010. The Hotel location is excellent, near the CN Tower and many other attractions. The staff is very polite and attentive. On the day of checkout, the front desk got a limo for the price of a common taxi to take us to the airport. The Hotel is very clean, has free WiFi, is well decorated and very comfortable. The bathroom is large, the shower is great, everything you might expect from a hotel of this category.There are some clubs close, but had no problems with noise, even at the reception. Hurry, this hotel is what you need in Toronto!
49. This was my 1st time in Toronto so maybe there are better locations but I felt everyday we were there we walked in a different direction and found great things to do. Our room also had 2 queens which was nice since I went with a bunch of dudes. Great rates, Great location, friendly staff. Weather you want a night club, pub, strip club, rock bar, resturant, or shopping ... it was all minutes from the door step. What else can you ask for?..... I know... it also came with a fridge and mircowave. : )
50. We came to Toronto to celebrate our friend's birthday at Tryst night club (which is literally right beside the hotel!). We basically just wanted something that was close to the night club but we were very pleasantly surprised with the Hilton! The room was absolutely beautiful! Everything looked brand new and it was extremely clean. There was a microwave and a mini fridge which was very convenient. The only cons about this hotel was that check-in and check-out was extremely slow. We requested a later check out and they would not accommodate this....which I have never had happen before. Also, if you are planning on parking your car there is only valet parking available which at $35 per day is quite pricey. If you are looking for a hotel that is within walking distance of many things to do....this is the place. It was a quick walk to the shops and restaurants on Queen Street....try Fressen if you are vegetarian/vegan....its delish! We also walked to Kensington Market in 15 minutes or so.
51. I slept in many hotels downtown Toronto, and I can say this new Hilton hotel is the best one. Convenient location, quiet and large room (mine was very quiet, while some rooms are not because of the proximity of night clubs), wonderful breakfast, free Internet. Nothing to complain about (but for the freezing cold in the main hall...)
52. Three of us stayed for two nights on a hectic trip, arriving on an overnight flight from the States. We needed a early check in and a late check-out - which we got with a smile - nothing was too much trouble for the staff of this hotel. Hilton gives the impression of being a bit corporate and impersonal, but this hotel is the opposite - small in scale and really, really friendly (or perhaps this is just Toronto). The rooms are well-equipped and comfortable. The hotel is in a good location, central and easy to walk from - the Art Gallery of Ontario is well worth a visit.
53. Location was fantastic. Walking distance to CN Tower and other major attractions. Club district for clubbers out there. Shopping district for shoppers out there. Close to subway line and easy subway transportation. Loved our room. Whirlpool tub next to the bed with a fireplace. Breakfast was super. Parking rates are high as you will find in all major cities around the world. Will definitely stay there again when visiting Toronto.
54. Arrived early 10.15 and asked if I could leave my bags and check in later, the girl on the desk let me check in straight away, a real bonus when sometimes they make you wait until 3pm. The room was great, the only issues we had was with Valet parking and having a room at the front of the hotel. The Saturday night rave at the local night spot was fairly noisy and interrupted our sleep. The 20 minute wait the following morning for the car wasn't good either especially as I could have parked across the street for $15 dollars rather than the $36 the hotel charge, Overall recommended
55. I was on a business trip and never expected to stay in such a nice hotel. Perfect location (CN tower and Rogers Centre just a short walk from the hotel). Friendly and helpful staff. Clean. Loved the in room coffee machine and microwave. I stayed at the hotel for 3 weeks and next time I'm coming to Toronto I'll ask my hosts to get me a room in Hilton Garden Inn again.
56. I booked 3 rooms on short notice focusing on being in downtown Toronto. There were other choices, but I am glad this was our choice given how friendly, confortable and relatively inexpensive it was. The service was quite good. Valet parking was expensive, but this is expected in a city like Toronto with limited downtown space. The room was a fairly typical Hilton Garden Inn room, which I like, with great & free high speed access, a fridge that came in very handy and a solid shower and bed. The rooms were warm and comfortable, and the hotel has a small but cozy lobby with a fireplace, business center and small market shop. We could walk to the CN Tower and Skydome as well as many restaurants, and the customers we were calling on were close by, so the location in Toronto was great for us. With these Hilton hotels, I am always pretty certain of what to expect. For downtown Toronto, I recommend this property.
57. We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for New Years Eve. We chose it because of it's price, location and reviews and we were very happy with our decision. At check in we got to help ourselves to the complimentary cookies which were very delicious. The room was a decent size, but most importantly it was very clean and nicely updated with granite counter tops. There was an ipod dock in the room which was nice to have. Even though we didn't buy them you could buy snacks 24 hours a day which was nice. The climate control in the room worked extremely quickly to change between different temperatures to keep the room as cool or warm as you like it. My only complaint was that there were only two tiny creamers but enough coffee to make 4 cups. It would be great to see more cream in the room in future. Overall we had a fantastic 1 night stay especially since check out time was noon so we could sleep in. I'd definitely return!
58. We were looking for a great stay at a comfortable, clean and convenient downtown Toronto hotel and we found it here. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the location was very convenient to a lot of major attractions downtown. We parked our car and never looked back because everything was within walking distance. A great place for a family of four (2 children under 10).
59. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night last July. The hotel is very conveniently located to the nearby entertainment district, and 20 min walk to the island ferries, and is convenient to the Queen and King Streetcar lines if you wish to go further. Check-in was a bit slow since at that moment there was one person trying to do everything at the desk, but once we were served check-in went smoothly and the person at the desk was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included with the room and it is served on the second floor as a hot buffet breakfast style. If I remember correctly custom omelettes were being prepared as you wait. The food was of high quality and good variety. It was not just cereal and toast or muffins. The room was comfortable, clean and spacious and quiet. There was a small indoor pool on the second fllor which we used. It was adequate to do lengths, but not large by any means. We were able to store our luggage for several hours after checkout with no problems. Overall the experience was positive and I would stay there again.
60. I stayed here on business and can definitely say that it has all the basic things required by a business traveller; iron, hairdryer, in room safe, free wi-fi etc. Good size room and extremely comfortable bed. The location is perfect for getting around on foot. Breakfast was good and the staff very friendly. There was a slight mix up with our booking but no fuss was made although I did find the reception staff a little disinterested but nothing to spoil my stay. I was there the morning of the false fire alarm and although it was annoying I would rather it be false than for real! I would be quite happy to stay here again.
61. Christmas 2011 will be one for the books....And it all started with a dream to go to TSO's production of Handel's Messiah. After throrough research online, I decided to book Hilton Garden Inn, Peter Street, Toronto. So glad I did! My mom and I had a fabulous stay there...Essentially, we needed a nice place with a pool and hot tub, quiet clean rooms, at an affordable rate... We had all of that and so much more... The front desk staff, porters, room staff, wereall excellent....When a hotel strives for excellence in costumer service, it shows....it really does... The room was clean and comfortable...So nice to have that special attention from our room staff...thank you! The great space for the pool and whirlpool is , without question, very impressive. Super clean..i mean there wasn't any dust...dirt, smudges...The (glass or plexiglass) partition for whirpool was so clean that it positively sparkled. That was noticeabley stellar clean.. It also has a lift for individuals with disabilities to be able to access the hot tub and pool. The pool itself is just about a perfect size for a downtown hotel...and the water was nice and warm...There really isn't anything more discouraging for a hotel guest than getting ready for the swim, and finding it difficult to get into the pool because the water is too cold...Seems like a little thing, but it's not...This pool was perfect! The whirpool temperature was awesome! We stayed for 2 nights , and spent both evenings at Roy Thompson Hall.... Peter St. intersects with the King Street Car, so we took full advantage of the TTC. A trip to Toronto just isn`t complete without a ride on the Street Car, and a trip on the Subway to Eaton Centre! Wonderful time in Toronto...and it all started with the perfect hotel choice... Loved it!
62. Located close to Downtown this place is on the city center. Had been here for 6 night. This place is very close to the Toronto Domino Bank office which is located in Royal Trust Tower 77 King Street West. The Toronto Central underground Station is just 5 to 7 mins away by walk, which connects to all sub-urbs. The Hotel is a bit expensive but the rooms are neat and very comfortable. If you plan to visit this hotel in late march early April, you need to book this hotel well in advance as most of the times the room are fully occupied. Even the china town is just 5 mins by walk and you can find many bus services from there to take you to Niagara falls. The Only drawback of this hotel is that usage of Business Center is a bit expensive and so is the Restauant in the hotel for the qulaity of food.
63. The hotel has a very good location. It's walking distance to restaurants and especially to CN Tower. We took one of those hop on and off tour bus and there was a stop not that far from the hotel.. We only stayed there for 1 night but we made the most out of it. The hotel staff was very nice and let us leave our luggage before and after check in so that we can go around the city. The room was very clean w/ very new furnishings. I am glad w/ Hilton Garden Inn's TV's. It's not like those old tv's from Marriott. We had bed and breakfast rate..food was really good. For the price we paid during our stay, it was really worth it. I'll stay in a Hilton Garden Inn again soon!
64. Was in Toronto for a friends wedding and they had this hotel listed as a mid-priced option for their guests. We found it very easily and happily gave the car over to the valet as soon as we got there. You can self-park but being right downtown I figured it wasn't worth the hassle to save a few bucks. We were checked in right away by a very cheerful clerk who outlined all the hotel amenities and their operating hours. She even called us by name. The room was such a pleasant surprise we had booked a standard room and as far as I know that's what we got but we had a beautiful view of the CN tower. Also the room had a two person whirlpool bath from which you could watch either the TV or the fireplace. The hotel is right beside a nightclub. I was a bit concerned about what this would mean as we were staying over on a Saturday night. Happily to get in the hotel at night you need to use your keycard and they ask you to confirm your room number and name at the front desk prior to accessing the elevator. The bed was so comfortable that we fell right to sleep and never noticed any noise from the club. If you've got to be downtown Toronto I'd recommend this property for sure.
65. The Hilton Garden Inn is in a great location within walking distance of C.N.Tower and Rogers Stadium and next to a wide selection of restaurants,bars,shops etc There are fresh apples to help yourself each morning and cookies at night,also complimentary drinks on some days ?The rooms are spacious and clean BUT if you are stayingThursday through until Sunday there is a club with a patio next door and the noise is terrific until around three in the morning so if your not out yourself you will not sleep.We only had this experience on the Sat night the rest of our stay was perfect through until the following Wednesday.Fridge,microwave abd coffe maker in room really useful.Go to the italian quarter for some really great little restaurants and bars.Toronto is a terrific city ENJOY! !
66. My friends and I always book the Hilton when we have a big night out downtown for its convenience and great rooms. It's a one to ten minute walk from all the clubs in that area, in fact it's right NEXT to one. Despite this (and some of the other reviews), I found that the hotel is quiet and I was never disturbed by what is going outside. We've stayed here at least 5 times, the last being NYE. That was a bit of a pain, but understandable, because it was getting extremely rowdy and it was clear people were bringing in about 10 people into one room. This night was a bit of a mess; we would walk out to the hallway and smell weed, hear loud music blasting, etc. Every other time we had no problems, however there are only 2 elevators and they DO take a while, especially that night. Excellent rooms. We usually get the 2 queen beds, very spacious, comfortable, clean. Washroom is big too, lots of counter space (which is handy when you have 4 girls doing their hair and makeup). A HUGE plus is that there's a microwave and mini-fridge in every room! Staff is also very friendly and accommodating. If you want to check in early (it's usually 3pm), call in advance and many times they have some rooms that are ready, and they'll let you in with no extra charge. This has happened for us several times. If we call for extra towels/sheets/cups, it's all sent up very quickly by housekeeping staff. Love this hotel, great location ... if you're a group of young people looking for nightlife and shopping (Queen West is right there with a bunch of stores, Chinatown and Kensington is walking distance), definitely give this hotel a shot!
67. I often stay at Hilton properties and the Toronto Hilton Garden Inn offers a great, and expected, level of service and comfort. The rooms are equal to anything Hilton offers, the fitness facility is first rate and the restaurant staff are friendly and attentive - to the right degree. I will be back.
68. Excellent hotel that hides into an average gray downtown building, standing on an average not important street. The room has everything you need, good and effective air-condition (important as we had 38°C outside), large flat screen 37" TV, fast cable Internet, excellent bathroom. The king bed was one of the best I ever had. Breakfast was served in the associated restaurant (but inside the hotel) and was very good (although the yellow cheese slices we had on the first day have disappeared for the next 3 days). Eggs are cooked to order and are really good. In short - nothing really to complain.
69. Stayed there for 6 nights. Comfortable bed, breakfast was ok. Nice view from upper floors. Walking distance to main attractions. There was a door between our room and the next one and we felt a little bit uncomfortable, we could hear our neighbours conversations with no effort and they could do the same.
70. This hotel was clean, convenient and reasonably priced. However, when we asked about our American money they told us at the front desk that the rate difference between American and Canadian was only "a few cents" and that they only exchange one for one. So, rather than go look for a bank we went ahead and exchanged out money and gave them 40 dollars American and they gave us 40 dollars Canadian. Not until the next day after we checked out did we find out that the rate was THIRTY FIVE cents difference on each dollar and when you do the math they make a very nice profit off of unsuspecting American tourists. We trusted them to be honest and they were not. We may or may not stay here again. It was a pretty good deal but this experience left me feeling like they took advantage of me when they were supposed to be helpful.
71. REASON FOR MY STAY: Birthday CHECK IN: Smooth and fast. ROOM: this room was big, with a big bed and couch (pullout). The room was very clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable. The only negative thing I would have to say would be regarding the small size of the bathroom. CHECKOUT: very easy and swift. Other Comments: the location is not too far from some great downtown clubs.
72. My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn over the July-August long weekend and had a great time! The hotel is close enough to the big attractions to be convenient but still is not in an overly busy/loud part of town which was nice. The CN tower is about a 15-20 minute walk as is Union Station. The room was a good size with a nice flat screen tv and a really comfortable bed. In the shower there is a very nice rainfall shower head that feels great to get into after a long day walking around Toronto, especially in the heat! My only complaint about the room was the Wi-Fi...terrible signal from it and half the time (at least) I couldn't even get on the internet. The only thing we needed it for was looking up directions to places which we ended up just getting from hotel staff anyways and they were very friendly and helpful. The best part of the hotel by far though is the breakfast that came with our stay (The Great Escape package). A full cooked to order breakfast (including omlettes, eggs, waffles, home fries, bacon, sausage, toast, muffin, fruit, etc etc.) and they encourage you to take whatever you would like from the buffet in a paper bag when you leave! So you can pack a couple of apples or muffins for later in the day and save yourself some more money on food! All in all a great experience at the hotel...only thing they need to improve on is the wi-fi which really needs to be better than it was.
73. We recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Toronto. The hotel was beautiful. Everything was to our standards, and all of our needs were met. The service was excellent, we were offered a deal on breakfast at check in. The breakfast was much better than I expected. For a price of $10 we had a choice of hot and cold items, both ready made, and made to order. The room was clean and comfortable with modern decor. The front desk staff and the parking valet were very friendly, and helpful. The hotel location is ideal for a visitor to the city, within easy walking distance of the entertainment district, the business district, and great shopping and dining.
74. We live in Toronto, so don't stay in Toronto hotels very often. However, we had a Jaunt coupon (which also included $50 for hotel expenses) so decided to make an event of it. We were attending a theatre just a 7 minute walk from hotel. The front desk staff were friendly and efficient. The room was large and very clean. The shower was one of the best we have ever had at any hotel *anywhere*. The food at dinner was very good and the breakfast that was included with the room package was excellent. We will stay here again and would recommend this hotel without hesitation.
75. We stayed at this hotel for a business/pleasure trip. The beds were firm, but comfortable. The check-in process was quick and efficient. The condition of the shared areas and room were very clean and neat. The second floor restaurant area was lovely and the service at breakfast could not have been better. We were very pleased and this hotel will remain with our Toronto file for the next trip.
76. Stayed last night and was very happy. Within walking distance of The Princess of Wales venue. (War Horse). The room was clean and and the beds are really comfortable. The room also had a coffee maker and a fridge. The hotel seem fairly new which is nice. Paid $35.00 to park overnight across the street. I think the valet parking at the hotel is around the same amount and you can take your car in and out as needed. Had breakfast in the hotel restaurant this morning. Has a large variety of food and was very good.
77. We stayed here when we saw a play nearby, for which it was terrifically convenient. Price was good, too. There's good coffee nearby (I'm fairly sure that they didn't offer breakfast). The lobby is a little spare, and the furnishings are going down that Hilton Garden Inn direction of "your room is your office", which I appreciate when I travel for, well, business, and which appeals less for when I'm there because it's down the street from the theatre. And they did seem to have some issues with their parking being full; several people were being directed to other parking garages, etc. We'd taken transit into the centre of the city, so it wasn't an issue. The clientele seemed to include a lot of people whose night was just starting when we were getting back from the play (the hotel is also near a lot of nightclubs). Conveniently, we slept through their return, so I guess it's well noise-insulated.
78. This hotel is a in a great location. Close to everything downtown and the shops and restaurants of Queen St. & King St. W.... within easy walk distance of the theater district as well. Really comfy beds and rooms are a good size. In the bathroom you feel like you are in a space capsule and these are a little cramped but lets face it how much time do you spend in a bathroom...in and out right! Staff great, friendly and efficient. Executive lounge is one of the best of the Hilton chain. Food great and the views spectacular especially at night and they have computers for easy access to the web and e-mail up there. Lobby is great for meeting friends and you can sit and chat there even if you don't want a drink. Will definitely stay here again. We know all the downtown hotels as we used to live in TO before we moved to the US and this hotel has become one of our favorites for visiting downtown TO.
79. Valet lost the key to our Mercedes Benz! We had to rent a car and travel back to US to have key made. Spent all Sunday morning making phone calls to figure situation out. Hotel did not offer taxi that day so I had to walk and pulled my back out. The rental agency was farther than they said, and my back got worse. Am currently seeking medical attention for it. Many parties going on in hotel with loud music and screaming. At 10:30 requested we get different room. Hotel comped our room, but then double charged us. Had to spend much time fixing their error. Key cards kept deactivating so we had to go up and down elevator several times to have it reactivated. My husband had to drive back following week to Toronto from US after having been on the road for work for four days, to get our car back, that had been sitting underground under the hotel. Hotel offered lunch and room. Also offered professional driver to get car back. We did not feel comfortable putting matters in their hands. All in all, the hotel never bent backwards to compensate for our time involved making calls, getting key made, needing time off work,and driving back. We were extremely inconvenienced (mother in law in hospital). Rob Roy, Manager of hotel said he would call early last week to compensate. Never heard back. Have placed several calls to him. He has not called back. The Intercontinental offered the same rate at this hotel. Unfortunately, we made the wrong decision on where to stay. I would NOT recommend giving this hotel your business.
80. I spent a couple days in T.O. on a mini-vacation for some cycling, shopping, and the New York Yankees visiting the Blue Jays. I like squeaky clean new hotels. And this is one of them. Nice people behind the front desk, my HiltonHHonors requests were granted, and so on. Some caveats: The valet parking [only option] is $35 CAD. They use industrial-style elevators to move your car to lower floors, so trained operators are needed. Searching around for alternate parking in the area is a crapshoot, as much parking in the area [only a few blocks from the Rogers Centre/Skydome and inside the Entertainment District] is outdoors and prices are jacked up for events and weekends. I was able to jerk the system a bit by parking elsewhere and walking a couple blocks. Otherwise the room was clean [and cleaned], the fridge and microwave worked too. And the free internet is speedy. If you're there on a weekend there's a club/restaurant with music directly downstairs on the south side of the hotel. Try not to get a room on that side, even high up. I think the place is best for the business or leisure traveler that comes in via foot, cab or public transportation - the excellent trolley system is nearby.
81. Stayed 3 nights in early June with spouse. Room was very comfortable, good location for sightseeing in Toronto, breakfasts cooked to order, and all went well until the third night when the nightclub next door went into action. We were on the fourteenth floor and though we couldn't hear the music (which lasted until around 4 A.M.) the beat of the base permeated through the walls and just couldn't be stopped. And I was wearing earplugs. So, I can recommend the hotel, but please stay on the side where, hopefully, the base beat can't get you.
82. I stayed with a colleague for several nights during an academic conference at the convention centre. Nice facilityin a convenient location, very useful business services room, friendly restaurant staff (though the honeydew melon in the salad bar was off). Not a bad place for _recreational_ travelers But the desk clerks could not figure out that for business travel, two people might have two reservations to share one room -- not, as the clerks set it up, for one to be the guest of the other (which also means no "HHonors" points for the "guest). Two nights we did have a guest, who had orginally intended to attend the conference: despite being assured on the phone that we could add a rollaway for him, when he arrived, we couldn't, and he and my colleague had to split a regular bed. On checkout, the Sunday-morning clerks could not produce an itemized bill, in my name, showing a zero balance -- which my controller demands for reimbursement. Eventually they were able to fax that statement ... to my roommate, though I'd asked for one of my own. I sent a hard copy letter to the general manager suggesting this was a problem and have not received even an acknowledgment after a month. Incidentally, the valet brought up the wrong car, notwithstanding that there were probably few cars with Virginia license plates in the garage.
83. The Hilton Garden Inn is a good choice for either business or leisure in Toronto. This hotel is a convenient walk to Rogers Centre, China Town, and some of the theaters. It is convenient to a nearby Shopper's Drug Mart (to pick up some in room snacks) and a large LCBO with a rather big Vintages section for some excellent wine for the room. There is an excellent restaurant in the hotel on the second floor Also on the second floor is a small pool and a very good gym. The buffet breakfast is really quite good and worth the price if you are hungry. Being in the heart of the entertainment district may be a plus for some but for me it means that you can't leave your window open at night for fresh air because of all the noise from the late night revellers. The rooms are new and well appointed. You can get a whirlpool room with a fireplace if you are so inclined and the price is pretty much the same as a room without. The rooms have a small fridge, a microwave oven and a large flat screen television. This place is quite reasonably priced and close to some of this great city's main attractions.
84. The location was wonderful, a stones throw from King Street which is the entertainment district area. Its my new favorite place to stay, you can walk to the Eatons center quite fast and of course Queen St is even closer. Hotel is brand new, with valet parking, service is exeptional with extra personal touches of the staff remembering you from check in. Beds were adjustable to firmness and the chairs in the rooms are awsome! Housekeeping changed towels when not needed, and so on and so forth!
85. My daughter and I visited Toronto Oct 8-11. This hotel is very up-to-date with great beds, good-sized rooms, refrigerator and a nice flat screen tv. It's right in the middle of the entertainment district which means you are near everything. Staff was helpful in helping us use mass transit and figure out what was open on Canadian Thanksgiving. Some other folks complained about the noise from the nightclubs in the area. I did hear them but maybe I just expect that city hum, having grown up in NY. Close to lots of restaurants, a Whole Foods and two streetcar lines making it easy to get around. I compared rates here and given the location, this is a good value. Shop for deals on the rate. If you have a car, consider the cost of parking. I found this hotel to have a better rate then others in downtown Toronto (which is not the same as saying it's cheap). Also, wifi/internet is free.
86. The rooms and staff are fine. On the Thursday night of my stay a open air club cranked music till 3:00am. Thankfully it's deep bass, so ear plugs do little good. Just a heads up of you are staying there in the summer. I'd move rooms or hotels if you plan to sleep. Andy
87. We stayed here the last weekend in August 2011. We were visiting our children in Toronto and found the Garden Inn Downtown centrally located for every place we needed to be. My husband is confined to a wheelchair and we really appreciated the extra effort the valets took helping us remove the chair from the car, assemble it, get my husband into it and get us into the hotel. Any time we were leaving they reversed the process with nary an unpleasant word and always smiling. It was worth the cost of the parking just to have their assistance. The accessible room was just that - very accessible. And the bed was terrific! The hall was a bit noisy the first night because there were a lot of young adults staying there that night, but they finally quieted down. Breakfast was incredible and the server we had both days called us by name every time she addressed us. She happened to be outside as we were leaving on the last day and even called us by name then and wished us a safe trip home.
88. Couldn't find any faults with this hotel. Great to stay in a new hotel, very clean, lovely furnishings and decor. Our room was a decent size with a street view from the fifth floor although it would have been great to be higher up for better views. Lots of thought has gone in to making guests happy, with a huge flat screen TV, very comfy bed, noon check-out, blackout curtains, fridge and fab bathroom with the huge shower/jet enclosure and nice toiletries! By far the best thing about our stay was the breakfast, we got a great deal as part of our booking through an external site (total $300 inc tax), if bought at the hotel it's around $15. The whole experience was great, from the service to the choice and quality of the food. You could make your own waffles with delicious toppings, huge choice of cereals and pastries, cooked items are made to order so fresh and yummy! The staff also tell you to take any left over muffins etc away with you when breakfast is closing at 10. Loved the area around this hotel, we had stayed around the Dundas area the previous week and this was much better. Nice walk down Blue Jays way to harbour area, left out of hotel to great shops on Queen Street. Right out of hotel and then left on to King St brings you to a great row of bars and restaurants - I recommend Verona italian! Well done Hilton! : )
89. Stayed here two nights while checking out downtown Toronto and it was fine. We didn't use the hotel for much other than sleeping but we had two good nights sleep and wanted for nothing. Perfect location for getting about town and a short walk to the CN tower and Rogers Centre. Lot's of bars and restaurants nearby and plenty of local mini-markets for day to day necessities.
90. I thought I was getting a deal through Expedia at US$150 a day including breakfast for my 2 day stay on June 15/16. I had clicked "pay" for this non refundable rate when I realized that there were hidden charges for an additional $100.00. There was a charge for an additional guest, the fare was for just one person!! The room is OK, though I vave seen better bedding. The bathroom is too small. The lobby is also small. As we arrived, I was wondering why the front desk girl was all rushed while we were the only ones checking in. She spoke so fast all I understood is that most everything is located on the second floor. Good enough, as it was accurate information. The place is brand new so everything works just fine. Location is good, close to nightlife, shopping, restaurants and Chinatown. Breakfast is adequate, nothing impressive. All around, we had a good stay, but at US$ 200.00 a night, I could have picked something else.
91. We stayed here as part of a tour group. The hotel seems to be quite new and very clean and comfortable. There was a business centre, gym and pool, all of which were high quality. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms a very good size. There was also a very much needed laundry! The service was exceptional and went beyond the standard service. The hotel was conveniently located close to most sights in the city. Would definately recommend to anyone
92. This hotel was modern, clean and well maintained. Check-in was fast and friendly. Housekeeping even stopped by to make sure we had everything we needed shortly after we arrived. The room was large, the bed was oh so comfortable, the shower was really nice and we liked having a fridge in the room. It was a bit of a walk to central downtown, but the low price for a hotel room as nice as the larger downtown hotels I have stayed in was well worth it. We had dinner at Wayne Gretzky's just down the road, and that was really nice. We would stay again for sure.
93. We stayed at the new Hilton Garden Inn Toronto Downtown for 3 days in July. We chose the hotel based on the price and location. It is located in the entertainment district, close to clubs, bars, restaurants, theater, Rogers Center and the CN Tower. While it is a few blocks from the subway, there are streetcar stops at the end of the street. The staff was always very friendly. The lobby, pool area, rooms and hallway were all very clean. The pool and hottub are small, luckily there was only one other person there when we used the facilities. The room has a refrigerator and microwave. Wireless internet is free which is always appreciated. Parking is valet only (would prefer the option to self park). Overall, a great stay and I would definitely stay there again, especially in the summer when there are tons of nearby patios to explote.
94. Smack in the middle of Toronto entertainment district with the Rogers Dome and CN Tower just down the street! This place was very nice and brand new. The rooms where pretty standard and had very comfortable beds. The fitness center, pool, and hot tub where all nice like I said everything was brand new. The hotel has Valet parking only which is fine since you can walk to everything. Great place to stay if you are going out to party you can walk back to the hotel. We stayed her Novemeber 13, 2009. and went out to This is London which was a 2 minute walk for us from the hotel. My only complaint is that I booked 5 rooms but when I checked in they had spread all the rooms across one floor and we all wanted the rooms side by side with some adjoining. So if you book more than one room specify you want adjoining if that what you want.
95. We prepaid for our room which was supposed to be 2 Queens, when we checked in we were told that they only had a King with sofabed left. So obviously because we checked in late they gave our room away. When we arrived at room we had no sheets for pull out couch so we had to wait on housekeeping, who were friendly. They did offer us free breakfast which was okay, a little cold but the omelets were really good.
96. Great Location , great price. staff was lovely except the lady who checked me in , wasnt a happy person , she didnt check me in until she make sure that i m a hilton employee , which i m not very happy about . it doesnt matter if im hilton employee or not , check me in first, make me feel welcome and then when i leave the front desk , call to check the level of my honesty , and if im not hilton employee , all you have to do is switch rate and give me call to let me know !!! Abbas was great GSA , very professional , and he was a lot of help . thank you abbas .
97. Stayed here Sept. 9th 2011 for two nighfts. Only a 5 minute walk to the Rogers Centre where we watched the Blue Jays. Good hotel with city view rooms. Room was very clean and the bed very comfotable. We had complmentery breakfast included which had a lare selection. This hotel is within walking distance to most major attractions. Only down falll was $40.00 a night parking.
98. The hotel is convenient to all of Toronto’s main attractions and close to the city’s exciting nightlife. The rooms are great. They are very nicely decorated and supper clean. We have stayed there twice now in the past two years and will definitely consider staying again on our next trip. We had no complaints.
99. Everything about this hotel is fabulous ! Fantastic location (OK they are renewing the old fashion district in the downtown core) but this hotel is quite wonderful ! Clean as can be, great beds, patient staff everywhere, fast elevators, great food. Downfall ? The obnoxious discobar downstairs next door ! WOW ! From the 17th floor we could be awakened from the thump thump of the disco music at 3am on a Saturday night ! OK, I love music, but this was no music ! Just bass thump ! Horrible ! Couldn't sleep in their wonderful beds ! During the week, it must be a beauitful hotel !!!!!!! But not on a Friday or Saturday night ! The week-end floozies everywhere and drunken partners are too much !
100. Stayed here for one night while in Toronto for the Manchester United vs. Celtic match. Very nice hotel, clean, and helpful staff. Great location and a short walk to much of Toronto's sights. I did note that on one side of the hotel you can hear a slight "thump thump thump" from the night club next door. Not enough to bother me, but if your a light sleeper may want to stay on the other side of the hotel.
