1. When returning to Vancouver after a side trip to Victoria, we chose the Moda Hotel for three reasons: its proximity to the Skytrain to the airport, the good price, and our desire to explore a different part of Vancouver: up-and-coming Yaletown. Based on Tripadvisor reviews, we had contacted the reception and asked to be put in a quiet room that had already undergone their soundproofing renovation. The hotel did indeed put us into a quiet room; we could hear neither our neighbors nor too much of the traffic outside. So ask for a soundproof-renovated room when making your reservation. Our room was very bright and had an interesting color scheme, but showed a bit of wear and tear. We noticed the slightly slanted floor in this old building, but considered it an interesting feature. Yaletown was fascinating to explore, and it was hard to pick a restaurant given all the great choices.
2. Convenient location close to the city center. The hotel appears to be renovated and very modern, but it looks nicer on the pictures. The room has a cheap touch to it. There is no ability to stop in front of the hotel to check in and the staff was rather unmotivated - they never even looked up when we passed by.
3. We stayed at the Moda before and after our cruise to Alaska. Our ship left from Ballantyne Pier so wanted a hotel that was centrally located in the downtown area with access to Stanley Park, Chinatown, Granville Island. The front desk staff was extremely helpful even offering us a Moda umbrella since it was raining and we didn't bring one. During our stay on the front half, we were in an outside room overlooking Smithe St. Since they are in the midst of building a massive building across the street, it was fairly noisy but once we closed the windows, the noise was muted. They have those great tower fans (Sharper Image type) that really circulate the air well. I imagine that if it hit 80 degrees outside, then it might be too warm but we were fine. They were also installing a second set of windows to help reduce the noise which would certainly help. The rooms were very clean and highly functional with flat screens TVs that were mounted to the wall. We took taxis most places since we had five in our party and that seemed to work pretty well. There were plenty of coffee shops (Starbucks in every direction), restaurants - we liked Crepe Cafe (block and a half) and Salathai (three blocks) and a neat market (Nesters) and a liquor store next to the hotel. We saw a fair bit of rain so didn't enjoy being out and about as much as we'd hoped but still go to see most of the key sights. I'd stay at the Moda again as it really met our needs.
4. We stayed at the Moda Hotel for 3 nights in October. We chose it because it was reasonably priced, and the location was great. Our group had 2 rooms - one was a Deluxe Queen, the other a Deluxe King. The king room was a corner room with two walls of windows. It faced the busy Seymour intersection, but with the windows closed the noise wasn't bothersome to us. The queen room had a larger / better arranged bathroom. However, the view was of an alley (not as pretty obviously, but much quieter). The beds were comfortable and the space was good in both rooms. We very much appreciated the free wi-fi, and we used it quite often. We also made use of the breakfast vouchers that came with our rooms. We had breakfast every morning at UVA. It was never crowded and the service was friendly. Our rooms also came with discount cards for the properties restaurants. We had dinner at Red Card one night. I wasn't a huge fan of the soup I had, but the pizza was great. Our waitress noticed I didn't love the soup, and took it off our bill. That was really nice of her! The parking for the hotel is actually 1 block down. After checking in, we were directed to the parking ramp and we were able to find it without a problem. We were happy to have in/out privileges. The location of the Moda is perfect! Everything is within walking distance - including a grocery store, coffee shops, Robson Street, fancy restaurants, fast-food restaurants, etc. We would 100% stay at the Moda again. It's a very beautiful, European-style hotel with wonderful staff.
5. Twin rooms have 2 double beds. Hotel is an old building, and not very easy to find - it is part of a wine bar and restaurant. The rooms are nicely refurbished, although there was an unusual smell in the landing on our floor, but it didn't affect the room. Nevertheless, I would recommend for the price and location.
6. Moda Hotel is a very accessible and chic hotel.. Loved the decor and the hotels room and its essential amenities as well... It was just what I needed for a visit in Vancouver.. Based on the other reviews, yes the walls are thick and you can really hear your neighbors talking but it didn't disturb our sleep after a full day of exploring Vancouver... if you are a very light sleeper, then the noise might keep you up at night. Overall, I would go back regardless of the noise. The hotel met my requirements: I needed a nice, chic and safe place to sleep in downtown Vancouver. Also, the staff were ALL very helpful with our queries, requests, etc... Overall a very nice experience!
7. Probably one of my overall favorite boutique hotels to stay in! The hotel is clean. The staff is incredibly nice, helpful, friendly and went out of their way to be accommodating! The location is perfect for downtown Vancouver -- within walking distance of several theatres and a block away from the bars, restaurants, Robson, shopping and clubs of Granville Avenue. The hotel is within several city blocks of most of the major downtown attractions, including Yaletown, Gastown, the arena and Chinatown. The bus service in downtown is a bit pricey, but runs everywhere and often. Moda Hotel doesn't have WiFi, but has great free high speed internet by ethernet. The hotel has been recently renovated and I love the new decor! The rooms are stark, modern and clean. Some might find them a little small, but this is an old building. The beds were firm and very comfortable. Even the pillows were better than average. Previous comments have mentioned the noise from the pub that used to be downstairs. For our stay in Oct 2007, the pub had been closed for a while and club noise wasn't an issue. Unfortunately, there is A LOT of construction in Downtown Vancouver, which is fairly loud starting around 8:00 am (except Sundays) or so. Not a problem for us as it made an excellent alarm clock.... I suspect this is a problem all over downtown. The price was among the lower of the hotels we looked at, but this hotel was by far the best value within any price range. I'll be recommending this hotel to my friends and it will definitely be our first hotel of choice when we return to Vancouver. Can you tell that we liked this place?
8. We were just doing an overnight and did not have much time. Arrived in the later afternoon. You have to park across the street after you get a pass from the hotel. I had to drop off my fiance and drive around while he got the pass. Then we parked and rolled our luggage to the hotel. It was pleasant, priced well and close walking to everything. We walked to shopping, walked to the restaurant we had dinner at, back to the hotel and then to breakfast in the morning. That was great. The room was very nice and large. The only two negatives were the TV in the bedroom did not work. There is another TV in the sitting area. And the placement of the hair dryer is inconvenient. On a wall where the toilet is in the way, so it was hard to dry my hair. Other than that....no complaints. It was priced well and great location. I would stay here again. There are two places to dine right there and that is great if you want to relax and hang around. For the money, it was a nice place and friendly people.
9. My husband and I spent two nights for our Anniversary Weekend in Vancouver. We drove up to Vancouver from Seattle. I brought a dozen cupcakes from a popular cupcakery in Seattle called Trophy. The box was placed on the desk. To my dismay, when we got back to the hotel, the maid threw the box on the floor ruining the cupcakes! She did not even write a note or put the box back on the desk. I went downstairs and showed the Manager the ruined cupcakes and they promptly refunded my purchase. Put a damper on my trip and we ended up checking out a day early. The front desk staff was nice so was the breakfast at the bar next door.
10. I have stayed here twice. I find it excellent value. Location is very convenient and walking distance to shopping, restaurants and downtown core of Vancouver. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful..it feels like home away from home. The service is very good and the food is above average. It has a boutique - type feel to it..the decor is very funky. On my next business trip or on my next leisure trip with my family I will certainly stay here again.
11. This hotel is in a great location to everything. The staff was friendly. Our stay was in August and yes even Vancouver gets hot weather the hotel nor any restaurant etc... have air conditioning so yes it was hot. They provide a fan in the room but being very spoiled by air conditioning it was still HOT - not their fault. Also because it is near to many areas it is noisey - bring ear plugs if you want to sleep or can't sleep in a busy city. Good clean motel in a city blighted with homeless. Recomend highly - great price!
12. The hotel was a great location in downtown Vancouver. We could walk to all the attractions, and were able to leave the car safely parked most of the time. The decoration was tasteful and modern and the staff was very helpful. The bed was a little hard for my taste. Overall a good value.
13. My boyfriend and I decided to stay over night in Vancouver after our flight back from San Franscisco before we headed home to Langley. He was suffering from really bad allergies on the night we stayed, Philipe from the front desk was amazing. He went from room to room with us to so we could have a room that didn't have fumes from the recent renovation he gave us the perfect room, brought up new keys and an usb cable for our laptop!! Amazing I have stayed at 5star hotels and I had the best experience here, even if the hotel was 3 star!! WOW! !
14. I was traveling with my husband and good male friend. We got the room via Priceline and got it for $99 plus tax. When the conformation via Priceline arrived we found out it was reservations for two. My friend called to ask for two double beds. They said they would try but no promises. When we arrived, the room was one king. We explained our situation. They told us they could put us in the double room but it was above the bar and it would be very noisy. We said that would not work and was there another hotel close by so our male traveling compainon could stay there. They said hold on and might have something. After a bit of discussion, they offered us the king room with a rollaway bed. We took it. The room was a bit small compared to a US room but was very much like a Europian room. The room was on the corner with lots of windows and no air conditioning. We opened the windows which brought in the city noise. If you are light sleeper, it might bother you. But really liked it. The rollaway bed was fine for the night.
15. My husband and I were visiting Vancouver with family and while other family members stayed with friends, we decided to stay at The Moda Hotel. First, the promotion rate we received was great! We reserved our room directly through the hotel website and pricing was more than reasonable! In addition, we received $10 a day for breakfast at UVA, a wine bar next to the hotel. This breakfast voucher was enough to get my husband a Cafe Americano and myself a Oolong tea every morning, along with large chocolate croissants to share. The room we reserved was a Deluxe King Standard Room, and the room we received was the exact room to one of the pictures on their website. It had red walls, a king bed, bathroom. It was on the 3rd floor, and I asked upon checking in for a "quiet" room, so it wouldn't be as noisy. The bathroom was updated, and while the room overall was small, I didn't expect more given it was a "boutique" hotel. Most boutique hotels I have stayed at, usually has character, amenities and great customer service, but rooms can be on the smaller side. Either way, we enjoyed the room, it served it's purpose! Front desk was AWESOME - Phillipe and Samir were so friendly and accommodating on our stay, helping us out with places to go, and visit, restaurants to eat at. Location was awesome - located in the arts and entertainment district, still considered Downtown Vancouver, and close to restaurants, shopping on Robson St. We were literally 1.5 blocks away from the famous Japadog!
16. I've stayed at the m MODA a few times now and every experience has been fantastic. great staff, very clean and a perfect location if you want to explore downtown Vancouver. The price is always reasonable and we love the Symphony suite in particular. The wine bar is pleasant and relaxing. We've also travelled with our pooch and he loves the neighborhood for walks.
17. This boutique hotel is in a very convenient location in downtown Vancouver. The first time I stayed there, I was in the outside corner room (just luck) and it was great, windows on two sides, lots of light, big room, very nice! The second time I stayed there, it was the inside corner room, so much smaller, only one window and less light. Fine, just a disappointment compared to the other room. Otherwise a great place, charming feel, great little wine bar in the basement with great cocktails and small plates. Overall a great spot to stay. Good value.
18. I found my way to the Hotel Moda via a price-based internet search. In town for a conference and only needing a comfortable, downtown place to drop my head, my expectations were not very high but the Hotel Moda is my new, favourite Vancouver Hotel. Freshly done up it is clean, fresh and charming and even has comfortable beds. It was only a lack of room service that prevented me from giving it an EXCELLENT review but you won't be disappointed if you want great value - Hotel Moda has it!
19. My husband and I stayed in a Junior room - tiny room + bathroom with full size bed. For us, it was similar to what we have had in Europe so the size didn't bother us. (We also didn't spend much time in our room). We really enjoyed the location, and the hotel itself was clean. I wasn't impressed with the bed linens or pillows, but it wasn't bad by any means. Overall, I think the value was good as we were able to stay downtown in a good location. I would stay here again, but I would also check other hotel deals before committing.
20. Got a special rate to stay in the Moda and it was good value for money. A central location not far from the main shopping area and local attractions. The room was recently refurbished with colourful decoration and was quiet, spacious and clean. There is a bus stop just outside and the train station is a short walk away. There is a business room with a computer and free use of the internet. The staff were friendly and willing to assist.
21. Sure it's not a Corporate Multinational hotel - but that's what makes it awesome! Very much a european style hotel with modest rooms in a totally renovated older building. Location can't be better, the café downstairs has excellent coffee. Unless you're elderly/disabled what's wrong with taking a flight of stairs? C'mon are we that lazy these days! Slept great, nice that they use natural laundry products so you dont wake up feeling like you've slept next to a chemical factory. Showers had plenty of water.
22. The Moda is a nice change from chain hotels and has a personality of its own. As an older building that has been refurbished, it has good character. We had a room facing away from the street, so there was minimal traffic noise. The staff were friendly. I would stay again.
23. Hotel moda is a older hotel that has been updated. The price points are un-beatable for downtown and it is clean. The hotel tends to be louder as it is so old, so if you are a light sleeper its better to stay elsewhere. The Skoah products in the bathroom are great!
24. I recently stayed in the Moda Hotel and I was very happy with my stay. With the hotel being right downtown, I was close to all of the shopping. The staff was very friendly, making sure I was comfortable and had everything I need. The rooms there are beautiful and the designs were all very modern. I had a great stay and I highly reccommend this hotel for anyone who needs a nice place to stay in the Vancouver downtown area.
25. This was the 3rd time I've stayed at the Moda Hotel. They never disappoint. The location is perfect, close to downtown and Robson St and only a half hour walk to all the great shopping over at W 4th. Staff are friendly and helpful and always let me store my bags for the day after checkout before the midnight flight home. Great breakfast in Uva with a free $10 voucher. I will continue to stay at Moda each year on my way home from the slopes.
26. The thing I remember the most about this hotel is the extreme temperature in the room. I stayed there for 3 nights in December. My first night there, the room was freezing. After looking for the nonexistent thermostat in the room, I decided to call it a loss and hoped for the night to pass quickly. After mentioning this to reception the following morning, they turned up the heat on the entire 3rd floor (apparently, the temperature control works for all the rooms on specific floors -- there are no controls in individual rooms!). The result: I slept with no blankets on for the remaining two nights. It felt like a warm summer's evening in the room. Despite that, the bed was comfortable, and there were plenty of channels offered on tv. As for the room size: they are considerably smaller than the pics on the websites -- they're taken with wide-lens cameras. Don't be shocked if your room is smaller than what the pics show. For breakfast, try Subeez Cafe at the corner of Homer & Smithe Streets.
27. I went to stay at Moda for a week and it was my first time to Vancouver. The location was PERFECT ! downtown Van was only a few blocks away, a good walk to gastown too. Overall, my stay was great. Everyday I came back to my hotel room and it looked brand new ! Now, I do admit the walls are a bit thin so you can hear a little bit of hallway noise but nothing that was enough to bother us. Ohh and a greattt bed too ! Nice linens and clean bathroom. Uva bar has greatttt drinks ! The Hotel was a great price and a good stay. I would def stay again
28. This is a fun hotel near all the tourist areas. We loved the hip decor and the bright colors inside made up for a couple of grey days outside. The service was good with a couple of hiccups, but nothing that would prevent us from going back. The rooms are very comfortable and the free wifi was very helpful in not running up iPhone roaming charges when we wanted to do a little research on our siteseeing plans for the day. Only ate in the restaurant once and it was one of the "hiccups" we encountered. The food was delicious, but the service could have been a little more attentive. Overall grade B+!
29. My boyfriend and I enjoyed our short stay at the Moda Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, nothing I requested was too big of an ask. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the location was very convenient. We would definitely stay here again.
30. I travel very frequently for business; and, I typically stay in either Hilton chain, Sheraton, or sometimes Best Western hotels. I booked this hotel because this was my first trip to Vancouver and I didn't want to stay in a chain hotel. I liked the photos I saw on Trip Advisor of the rooms' decor. The reviews I read were correct about the noise level. The walls were very thin, and I could hear people in the next room talking clearly. I also heard people walking through the halls often. The decor throughout the hotel and the rooms was very nice; however, my room was not very clean. I found hair on three of the 5 pillows on the bed, as well as on the sheets. The bed was the firmest, most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel. I also found mold on the tile in the shower, and a stain on the wall. Despite all of this, the staff was extremely helpful and kind. Unfortunately, I wouldn't stay here again due to the noise and lack of cleanliness.
31. Although we had a great stay in Vancouver and loved the location of this hotel - and the wine bar Uva which we went to almost every night when we returned from dinner out - the rooms were very small and very average - the bed wasn't that comfortable, the bedding seemed a bit tattered and the room smelled a bit musty. It was fine for what we paid for it, but it is certainly not plush by any means - the pictures on the website make the rooms look nicer and more modern than they are. It's a very old hotel that has been refurbished only by making cosmetic changes - so the walls are very very thin and the elevator is tiny, etc. But the wine bar and the sports bar (as well as the Italian restaurant which we didn't get a chance to go to but was always busy) seem to keep this place hopping. The sports bar was pretty cool - large, comfortable with a lot of flatscreens everywhere!
32. We really enjoyed our stay at the Moda Hotel. if you are looking for a retro room, this is it! The staff was excellent and courteous. Breakfast at the restaurant was excellent as well and the food was delicious. Thank you for the expresso coffee and taking care of our luggage. We will certainly stay at Moda again when we are in Vancouver.
33. Becarful when renting this hotel... especially if you have a pet allergy and do not want smoke filled hallway odours that waft through the vents! I travel to Vancouver almost weekly and we decided on this personal trip to do a boutique hotel... BAD IDEA!" - Only 1 Elevator (long wait times) - Thin walls you will hear the people above you and next to you - Not great for those who have allergies... - Management lacks the customer service skills to deal with today's educated traveller - they try and belittle you with any requsts - I would recommed the larger hotels within viscinity who are business minded and are concerned with bad experiences...
34. This property, we're it in the Czech Republic ( or any European town) would be considered "quaint" but in downtown Vancouver it's old and outdated. But struggling to be modern...new furniture may be around but it's old and frumpy. The walls are terribly thin between rooms and even the floors. And you don't want a room that faces Seymour Street...it's unbearable. Staff are super friendly and understand the predicament they are in but there's not much they can do. It's relatively cheap and it is in a good location but those are the only pluses. Look elsewhere if you can...try Le Soleil it's my fav.
35. This was only a one night stay while waiting to head out on an Alaskan cruise, but it was definately enough to form an opinion. The hotel is a in a old building that is in pretty good shape. The staff was friendly and helpful. No bellman so it is a do it yourself chore to bring up the luggage. No problem with the elevator. This in the heart of downtown Vancouver. This is a beautiful city. We took a walk down to the pier and watched a cruise ship leave the day before our's left. Two museums close by. If you want there is a hop on - hop off bus system that will take you for a day of exploring. Tim Hortons restaurands abound for those on a budget. Or, splurge and try a great restaurant. Hotel has air conditioning in the lobby and the hallway, but rooms are cooled by opening the window to the Vancouver air and turining on the oscillating desk fan. During our stay, there was construction noise from a new building going up on the other side of the street. The medical center is a couple of blocks a way, so the sound of the siren of a passing ambulance provided an unwanted alarm clock at 4:00AM thru the open fourth story window. But, for this minor drawback, I still would certainly go back. Great location--About a five dollar - five minute ride to the cruise port. Enjoy your stay!!! !
36. i'm often in Vancouver for work. this hotel is the perfect hotel for me. Welcoming and friendly team, simple and nice looking rooms, good beds, weel located. and.... a good restaurant and bar accessible from the lobby. What could be better than that? oh yes... good price too. david
37. Stayed here because of price and location. Rooms are small though good value. $10 coupon was included for breakfast. Restaurant was closed first morning because of staffing issues. The discount was honored for lunch with an apology. Would have been a five if more was offered. Staff were polite and helpful. Will be back.
38. My girlfriend and I stayed here over New Year's weekend. While this was my first time in Vancouver, I can imagine that this hotel would be extremely difficult to find even for those who visit the city every so often, as it's signage is small and it blends in with the other storefronts in the building. When you finally do find it, you can park curbside to check-in. Leave your bags in the lobby or bring them up to your room, as you'll be parking your car in a garage across the street. The garage is gated (entry by room key only) and will cost you ~$14 a night to park there. The room was not big, but it was clean, had nice decor and provided amenities like wi-fi, an LCD TV (with cable and channels from Seattle, but no HD programming) and the most amazing-smelling bath soaps and shampoos I've ever used. It is NOT the best place to sleep, as the walls are quite thin and you could hear chatter from the hallways as well as traffic noise from the street. The location of the hotel is a huge plus. There are plenty of places to shop and eat within walking distance.
39. Stayed at this hotel with girlfriends for a weekend away. Loved the modern room, clean, comfortable beds, and friendly staff. I was a little in awe of the great price considering the downtown location. Well worth the deal! I have stayed at many downtown hotels, this one stands ahead of the rest. We had an alley view, not much to look at, but quieter than the street view my other friends had.
40. There really was nothing good about this hotel, and I'm not generally one to write reviews or negative reviews for that matter. The hotel staff were rude and unaccommodating, the lobby was tiny, walls were PAPER THIN, very noisy, The beds were super uncomfortable, rooms tiny....was just a terrible stay. We had been travelling throughout Canada and the US, and this was the ONLY BAD hotel we stayed at. There are MUCH nicer places for LESS! Do not stay here if you are expecting a lot. You wont even get a good nights sleep, you can hear the TV through the room next door.
41. Hi, It was a girl's night out in town so we booked an affordable, clean room to get ready for some late night dancing. It's newly renovated, so, it's clean. However, there's no air conditioning. So, we find the room very warm and it's difficult to look pretty when your make up is melting away and hair keep getting flat. The hotel is next to a brand new construction...and I didn't know they also dig on a saturday morning ! However, i think it's a ideal location if you want to be in heart of all entertainment, dining and dancing and shopping. It's probably better to go there during early spring / fall when it's not too warm out and you can sleep with the windows closed. or bring ear plugs with you.
42. The deciding factors for choosing this hotel were the price, the location and the reviews. Price: Great price (at the time Orbitz had the best rate) Location: 30 minutes from the airport by taxi ~30 CDN. (the bus is 13.50 CDN per person) In walking distance to shopping street and Yaletown. 10 minute taxi to Greyhound Bus Depot (bus to Whistler). Reviews: Bang on. A boutique hotel with minimalist and classy decor. Ultra clean. Coffee maker in room with Numi green tea. Standard hotel room blanket..that icky fuzzy one, but nice bedspread and sheets. The Queen room is very small, but the decor and cleanliness compensate. It is indeed noisy, and the view is not a plus, but that will only bother some. I couldn't quite figure out if the room has a heating system. Our heat was not on and it was a bit cold. For the summer they seem to have a fan... For a short stay, it's just right. Good location, great price, clean and stylish. If you're looking to stay longer you may run into some issues concerning space and environment.
43. I knew this hotel before it was the Moda. It was a colourful dive called the Dufferin. Well the Moda is way better now. I really enjoyed the business' attached to the hotel more than the actual hotel. The lobby was nice but I found the rooms pretty small & plain. Too much plain white paint. It was a bit noisy on the Smithe side but not as bad as staying on Granville. The $10 off breakfast at Uva was a nice little perk & the breakfast was quite tasty. I enjoyed my visit as it was a stroll down memory lane! :)
44. I have stayed here many times and I am always pleased. The rooms are good, I love the bathrooms, great location and I like the bar downstairs for a night cap. Service is always nice but not over the top. A relaxed hotel in the heart of Vancouver. The only down side is it can be a little noisy on occasion, like once in the 8 times I have stayed there.
45. My boyfriend and I headed to Vancouver one night for a concert. I wanted a place to stay that was loated close to Rogers Arena (Where the concert was located) and was a decent price. While online I found this place and did some research on it. I booked for an amazing rice of 108$ for a night in a Deluxe King Suite!! I was very excited about the hotel because it looked so great in the web page. When we got there they let us check in early and we were not disappointed. the location was prime downtown and within about 11 blocks from the concert that night and a block away from the skytrain. The hotel was small with some great resturants and had a very homey feel. We went out to eat that night at the Red Card Sports Pub, a mistake being a Canuks game night, it was loud and crazy in there but the food was decent (esp. the portabello mushroom fires!) The only complaint was that our room was small for being considerded a "Deluxe Suite". , but clean and very modern and fun. No complaints from either of us, especially considering the price the room!
46. I liked the Moda Hotel, I liked it's location, I liked the attention to detail. It was a little pricey for what I got. I kind of expect breakfast included for what I paid. I had not been to Vancouver in roughly a decade and so I was not aware of the area's reputation and when I told a friend where I would be staying she blanched. But, it has all be regenerated and gentrified and if you want to be in the center of things, look no further than this comfortable hotel. Given its name obviously it wants to fashionable and so it tries hard on this level. I don't know fashion and so this is inevitably lost one me!
47. I booked a room in September and wanted to surprise my girlfriend with something. I emailed the hotel to ask what kind of things we could do and they shopped around to give me pricing options on wine, chocolates, flowers and more. We corresponded for a couple of weeks, and when we arrived, everything was perfect and she loved it. Everyone I encountered went the extra mile and it was a wonderful stay.
48. Moda Hotel was a perfect little spot to stay in Vancouver. Easy access to Stanley Park, downtown museums, highways, and the rest of the city. The hotel was well appointed, and comfortable. Downside? not enough power-outlets in convenient places. The hotel is exactly what is claims to be: a modern update of an old building. The result is a cute and quirkly modern hotel with some retro touches. A couple of the front desk guys could be a little friendlier, and the hotel is a little hard to find (the name of the hotel is hidden behind a tree). I recommend UVA for breakfasts.... delish!!!! (this is the little restaurant/winebar next door).
49. Ideal location on Seymour Street. Hotel staff friendly and helpful... Melanie was very helpful and smiley, I could've chatted to her all day. Chris was lovely too, complementary bubbly for my 40th birthday -- this was very welcome after a 9 hour flight. Very comfortable bed/pillows. Rooms cleaned daily. Good bathroom with hairdryer, bath and shower. If you are a light sleeper you may need ear-plugs as windows single glazed. We had room on 4th floor -- with ear-plugs the noise was not a problem and I would not let it put you off. Air-con is being fitted Autumn 2008, complimentary water provided daily. I would use this hotel again and feel that is worth the money. Robson street shopping area 2 mins walk. "Whitespot" diner was great for breakfast 2 short blocks away (4 mins walk) Gas-town & Yaletown within walking distance. BIg BUS tour was very good and I would recommend this in order to get a feel of the area - ticket is valid for two days.
50. The Moda hotel exceeded our expectations. Trendy room interior, tasteful and clean. Bathroom was clean, nice decorated, obviously newly renovated. Amenities fresh and we were generously provided with enough everyday. Location was great, but still quiet for a good nights sleep. The hotel is a good boutique hotel with an eye for details. Almost everhing was good.. beside: That the complimentary WiFi access was crap. We had to stand in our door opening to get connection. Thing the Moda guys need to install like 2 or 3 more WiFi outposts. The room has a majorlack or power outlets. Problem if u want to charge phone, iPad and Camera. The house might be 100 years old, but come on, bring us some power for our next stay ;-) Last thing was the carpet in the room, not hygenic and smelled strange as ever. We could see dark wooden floors in a near future! BUT as mentioned, over expectations... Good pricing, friendly staff AND we LOVED the breakfast at UVA! And the Trattoria Restaurant, WOW... a must if you like fresh trendy organic italian food. Yummy! A special thank you to Lars, very helpful and made his best to sort out our power outlet and WiFi problems. We left the hotel with a smile and will be back soon again! Vancouver and Canada is just great! Thank you for this time!
51. The Moda is in a convenient location for a visit to Vancouver. We parked the rental car on arrival and walked or took public transportation throughout our trip. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful in all dealings. We had a party of three and were accommodated in two adjoining rooms - one with a full bath and one with a half bath. That was an ideal arrangement. The rooms are very comfortable, but are small. We heard some street noise, but no more or less than one would hear in most larger cities. We will stay at the Moda again when we return to Vancouver.
52. So deciding to stay at the Moda was a very Hasty decision. I planned my trip very quickly and basically googled ' boutique hotels+ vancouver'. The Moda immediately stood out for me. The interior design was fantastic, and the history of the hotel sounded very unique. How did it live up to my expectations? The Place - The Hotel itself is smaller than the site, but i think that in itself created the intimate feeling i was looking for. I felt like i was valued as a guest, and that the entire hotel had time for my personal needs. The noise around the hotel was quite loud, but it is in the dowtown core of Vancouver and the crowds and construction are merely the experience. ( I don't see people complaining when they go to New york or other huge cities.) The People- I absolutely loved the staff at the Moda. I can't remember the last time i have gone to a hotel and had a personal conversation and remember the names of the entire staff. Chris, Ivanah, Andrea, and the latest hire Ryan were amazing. Their knowledge of the city and the 'in's and out's' of Vancouver amazed me. They really made me feel like i was staying in good hands, and removed the feeling of being a tourist ( that is something i dread so much) The location- AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING.. Right in the heart of downtown and the accessibility is ridiculous ( Ryan gives a good breakdown of the transit system) In the END - I would stay at the Moda in a heartbeat, and i would reccommend it to anyone who is looking to feel young, fresh, and edgy. I can tell the hotel is going to evolve in the next couple of years, but i really hope it keeps it's independent and unpretencious vibe. LOVED IT!
53. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Moda while we were in Vancouver for a Canucks game. The staff were very friendly and helpful; our room was ready early and they were quick to greet us. The location was perfect. Walking distance to Rogers Arena, Pacific Mall, and everything else we like to visit when we're in Downtown Vancouver. The hotel itself is very nice, and the rooms are quite interesting (in a good way! ), and very clean. Some reviews complained the bed was too firm, but for us it was perfect. Uva, the cafe/bar downstairs made a cappuccino as good as any I had in Italy, and the best Americano my boyfriend has ever had. All paid for by the $10 credit included with the room. The drawbacks were few, but noticeable. First and foremost, the parking is across the street. It's a bit confusing when checking in (but again, the staff were very helpful), and while it wasn't a problem during the mild weather we experienced, it would be a hassle in the rain or snow. The rooms don't have a fridge, which isn't big deal for most, but we like to bring a few drinks and snacks with us. The sound deadening is minimal. I'm a deep sleeper, but my boyfriend was woken several times by the showers of the adjacent rooms. We never use room TVs, but these are quite small, maybe 27in? Not really on par with most other hotels. All of that said, we really enjoyed our stay, and would stay again. However, we booked at a special 40% off, which made it significantly cheaper than other hotels in a comparable location. Most of those include a fridge, balcony, same-building parking, larger TV, and fitness center. At full price, Moda would be hard pressed to compete with them.
54. Hotel is cute, service great, wine bar great but holy hell this was the loudest hotel that we have ever stayed in. I can't even express how awful it was to sleep there. We did not sleep at all. A lot of the other guests seemed to be partying late into the night. On Wed or Thursday night there was such commotion of drunk people fighting in the hallway and girls crying and everytime I peeked my headout the security guard that was addressing the situation would yell at me to get back in our room. I think that went on for over three hours. I would never stay here again which is unfortunate because it's such a cute place, with nice staff and a reasonable price.
55. I visit Vancouver once a month, I've stayed in all the Fairmonts and other hotels. However the outstanding Service the cleanness, of this beautiful European boutique Hotel in the downtown core is truly an amazing Experience ! I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vancouver. The rooms are better then most of the 5 star hotels I've been in. The Staff are incredibly friendly and extremely helpful, the manager personally asks if there is anything he could do to make your stay better. All my friends visiting Vancouver also choose Moda hotel as their hotel of choice. and everyone keeps going back. I travel all around the world throughout the year and I stay in alot of hotels, but this Boutique Hotel is a hidden Gem in Vancouver and is Truly an amazing Experience! Brian
56. Staff were accomodating..Modern decor, very clean and in the middle of everything you want to get to.. Price was excellant for Vancouver.. Cibo Resturant, Wine Bar ( attached to lobby) was also a great and yummy experience.. Price was good for the delicious gourmet meal.. I would stay here again.. Felt safe with the security of hotel during the riots of the Hockey games near hotel. Cheers to Yvonna (reception)-Betty (maid), and Alan (Conceirge)..
57. Staff very polite, helpful and efficient. Comfortable bed and room. Location is within walking distance of many attractions and public transportaion. Drawback is that it's on a busy intersection so there may be street noises even with double windows and shades. Also there is noise on the backside with AC or restaurant exhaust fans.
58. My husband and I had a Travelzoo voucher that included a great rate at Moda Hotel with a breakfast voucher. The hotel itself is in a great area with many bars and restaurants around it and easy access to downtown. We were not going to be able to use our breakfast voucher as we would be leaving before the restaurant was open in the morning (7:00 a.m.) Management let us use our coupons in the evening. I found that gesture to be very accommodating. The room was small but had everything you could want, was very clean and the bed extremely comfortable. The elevator was slow, but since we had very little luggage, we just took the stairs. We would absolutely stay here again.
59. Staff was great - hotel is special. Old character building, new amenities - great combo. Room very clean and tidy - loved the 'red wall' in the room. Pub is now closed - had no problems with noise. Hotel is downtown so you will experience 'street' noise but nothing excessive. Walking distance to Yaletown (amazing restaurants) and Robson Street shops. A bit of a longer walk to Stanley Park but worth it. Cheap rates...worth a try!
60. The Good: Spacious room, Full bath, Modern decor. Friendly weekend concierge. Close to almost everything. The Bad: No breakfast, No room service, No fridge, Disinterested staff. Lots of road noise, especially on Friday and Saturday nights (even on the 4th floor). The Ugly: Very thin walls and Very amorous neighbours!
61. I had to extend my stay by 2 days to finish my business in Vancouver. Fortunately, I was done in a day. Ivanka at the front desk was extremely helpful and refunded me for the extra day. Very nice and modern hotel in the heart of the city. I loved it.
62. I stayed in this hotel for the first time while on a business trip to Vancouver. I was very impressed with the location, the decor, cleanliness and the friendly staff. The value for money was also great. The rooms are smallish but very modern, clean and neat. The only slight area of concern would be if you were to stay in a room facing the street, it can be a little noisey, but only if you have your window open. There is a nice restaurant next door on one side and a lovely wine bar on the other side on the corner. I met a friend and we went into the wine bar for a couple and was very impressed. I will definately stay here when visiting Vancouver again.
63. Since I've never been to Vancouver before I wasn't very familiar with the city. After reading reviews of Moda, I thought perhaps I could overlook others saying it was noisy. What I forgot about was the possibility of the temperature rising while we were there. Moda does not have air conditioning. Our choice was either hear the constant construction (inescapable in Vancouver currently or maybe always? )/ air conditioning from a nearby building/dumpster being emptied about 50 times at 7a or risk suffocating in our room with the windows closed. After a combined 4 hours of sleep, we decided to check out early and head to another hotel with air and higher floors. It was a wise decision since this was our vacation and it would be a shame if we spent 2 more sleepless nights. I did not leave angry. This was not Moda's "fault". The service otherwise was wonderful. Front Desk agents were super friendly. I would consider staying there again, just not in the summer. Although I think there are better rooms for just a little bit more/night.
64. I've stayed here twice now and have enjoyed the hotel so much that I just booked another stay for the end of this month. Considering the location I don't think you can find a better value in Vancouver. The front desk and housekeeping staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but comfortable and clean. What more could you need?! Moda Hotel has quickly become my home base when I'm in town for a concert at the Orpheum or Commodore Ballroom. My only complaint is that whoever looks after their email correspondence isn't terribly concerned with replying to inquiries. Ever. I made a couple of attempts to contact the hotel via email but never received a response. Obviously this hasn't deterred me in the slightest - if I really needed my question answered I could have called - it's just a minor annoyance.
65. I was thoroughly disappointed with many aspects of this hotel. I stayed in a suite which I thought was quite small. The suite was nicely designed, but it's an old creaky building and the floor in my room was uneven. I was escorted into the room by the front desk staff "because the key card doesn't work many times" (is what he explained to me). When I got to the room the temperature was only 14 degrees celsius and the window was open. It was noticeably cold as soon as you walked in, but the front desk staff said nothing. I cranked the heat but took forever to heat up. This must be a common problem because there was a portable electric heater in the room. Being a suite, the heater was too small to heat the room. Next morning I plugged in the iron and must have popped a breaker because the electricy for the entire room shut down. When I went down to check out and the front desk girl asked how my stay was. I told her about the heat issue and she barely apologized. I will never stay hear again. If I felt the staff was truly apologetic about the situation, I would give this hotel a second chance, but unfortunately that was not the case.
66. Easy access from the airport via Skytrain, a good place to stay whilst visiting the city, with most attractions/places of interest within easy walking distance. Overall it doesn't quite live up too the 4* standard, with the rooms being on the small side and walls being thin enabling other guests to be heard. The restaurant, wine bar & pub are all top notch and well worth a visit although no breakfast was available during our visit. The staff were courteous, approachable and well informed.
67. We wanted to stay in a place that was close to everything in Vancouver, and we usually stay in a place that has breakfast available in the morning. Though the room was small and kept the character of the 100 year old building, it was comfortable, nicely updated, and VERY clean! It had many of the things a new construction hotel would have including wifi, an electronic safe, flat screen tv, coffee, iron/board, and drier. There was also plent of lighting in the room which is sometimes hard to find in a hotel. The one thing I'd like to see more of is outlets. This is a very tech/business friendly hotel, but there were only 2 reachable outlets in our room (1 in the room and 1 in the bathroom). There were more behind the bed (I assume because the lamp cords went there), but not really available for use.
68. This hotel is in a great location for downtown and the cocktail and sportsbar within the same building are great, even if they are very expensive. Decor is quite modern, and maybe a little tattered around the edges. Staff are friendly and helpful. No breakfast on offer. Wifi connection poor and slow. The main problem with this hotel is that it's not a great place to sleep if you want to sleep. Paper thin walls and no noise insulation between floors means you can hear things going on in other rooms. Can be entertaining to an extent, but not when trying to sleep. Furthermore, some rooms have wood flooring which creates a huge amount of noise for the rooms below. And if you do decide to give this place a go, I strongly advise not staying in rooms near the elevator or stairwell...they are really noisy.
69. We had a great experience at Moda hotel last weekend. My boyfriend and I wanted to be right in the downtown action and the location was truly perfect. We got a room on the 4th floor and it was surprisingly quiet- I live in the city myself so I was prepared for some street noise. As others have noticed, the staff is very helpful and truly seem to enjoy their jobs. While the rooms are small, they are well designed for two people. The hotel itself is quite unique and you will enjoy the fun room accents. They have the parking situation well handled as well so that makes being downtown less stressful if you have a car. You can just park and leave it for the duration of your visit and walk to restaurants, bars, sightseeing etc. On our last day, they were nice enough to allow us to park after we checked out! I would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend to others. Thanks for a great experience, Moda Hotel!
70. The front desk staff were outstanding, genuinely helpful and warm -- a happy medium between the forced friendliness you get at some chain hotels and the uncomfortable intimacy of some B&Bs. It was our first time in Vancouver, and our impression of the entertainment district downtown was a little gritty. Not dangerous or unpleasant, just gritty. The Moda and its adjoining restaurant, wine bar, espresso bar (delicious breakfast! ), sports bar and wine shop are a classy contrast. That said, the hotel is not shiny and perfect. It's an old building that has been beautifully renovated but still suffers from persnickety heating, electrical and plumbing issues, as evidenced by the many workmen with whom we shared elevator rides and the apologetic explanation, on check-in, of how to work around the (minor) heat and lighting quirks of our room. The Moda is more of a grande dame than a Botox bombshell, and I like that.
71. We booked the hotel for one night via Hotwire, which I was not very pleased with, since based on the past reviews, I would not have chosen to stay in this hotel myself. However, since we are only there for one night, I thought we should go with an open mind. The parking for the hotel is in a seperate building, and is not connected to the hotel lobby. It was quite inconvenient for us since we had four luggages with us, and it was an hassle to find a parking spot outside the hotel to unload the luggage since the roads were very busy and there was no on-street parking outside the hotel. The staff was nice enough to come out and help with our luggage. The room was very small and the walls were very thin, and the windows were not double glazed so the traffic noise was very distracting. It did not help that we were sandwiched between 2 occupied rooms, so we can hear the bathroom tabs and toilet flashes from one room, and other guests arguing in the other room. The noisy guests were shouting and screaming after a night out at 1.30am, and you can pratically hear their arguments in our room, which was not very pleasant. Overall, this hotel was very bad value for money even for £50 a night, i have stayed in better hotels in Vancouver for similar price or slightly more.
72. So that we get the positives straight here - this is a charming hotel in a fantastic location. Downtown Vancouver, just a few blocks from BC Place, two blocks from the train. Restaurants, bars, convenience stores, theatres right outside the door. The service was also very sincere - there was some inhibition from a language barrier, but effort goes a long way. I saw some reviews that the hotel smelled funny. This is true. I did not find it offensive, but it is there. The elevators are, uh, intimate. I only used them once. No big deal. Stairs are good (though you might strongly consider whether or not you agree here). The worst thing about the hotel is the bed. The bathroom floor was roughly as soft. As much as I liked the hotel and the location, a hotel is ultimately somewhere to sleep, and the bed just did not suit me.
73. Had booked to stay in this hotel last week (July 2011). Upon arriving, was informed that the booking had been upgraded to a "Suite across the Street". The front desk was quite disorganised, but after some wait time, the clerk walked outside the door, pointed across the street (at a door i couldn't really see) and commented that the room was "over there". Making my way across the street, with suitcases, i discovered that the hotel had added a few rooms into a local carpark!! (the elevator is actually labelled Parkade). As a result, the rooms have no hotel presence (not the most secure feeling), no sound proofing and they resemble hostel style accommodation eg the shower forms part of the room, so much that you can see the shower head from the bed! Needless to say, this level of accommodation did not meet my expectations. In fairness to hotel management, they refunded the full cost of the accommodation upon this being explained to them. The Manager noted that the rooms offered "European style" accommodation. However, having stayed in many many hotels across the world, including Europe...this couldn't be further from the truth. If Management wish to continue to provide this cheap style of accommodation, they should lower their prices to Hostel equivalent prices.
74. I usually have no trouble writing a review for a hotel, my wife and I either love them or hate them...this hotel is the exception...we aren't really sure how we feel about it. We only spent one night in the hotel following our cruise; the next day we flew home. The hotel's decor was nice until you looked at the details. It wanted to be modern, but felt dated. Not really sure how to describe it, usually you can identify what doesn't feel right but with this hotel I couldn't. The street noise was loud, but we live in downtown DC, so the noise didn't bother us. But the windows seemed old and wouldn't open properly. The hallway carpeting and design seemed dated. The layout of the rooms was a standard hotel room, so that definitely was not modern, but the color scheme and furniture was...but looked worn. I guess they were trying too hard to be modern...not sure. Everyone has their personal tastes and this hotel didn't seem to "feel" right to us. For others it might be wonderful and perfect, but for us it seemed to lack in the details of what you would expect in a "modern" hotel. I wouldn't advise staying there but I wouldn't say not to. It does have a good location though.
75. I stayed at the Moda Hotel in May while waiting to go sailing the next day. I found the rooms clean, well stocked, and comfortable and the front desk staff very helpful. Exactly what I was hoping to get. The value for money is very good.
76. We booked it on line and requested that we get a corner suite. We were very pleased at the size of the room, the price and the location. The room had the original hardwood floor, comfortable bed, loads of hot water, and surprising quiet given that we were downtown. We highly recommend it! Also offered free parking which is a bonus downtown Vancouver
77. I can highly recommend the hotel. The location is excellent - walking distance from shopping and going-out area. Rooms are not as small as I expected from previous reviews, I found the room perfectly fine and stayed in smaller rooms in boutique hotels - but they are probably smaller by North American standards. With modern furniture, great colors, flat screen etc the place has a stylish feel and (despite being not very expensive) does not have a boutique-hotel-on the-cheap feel. Only negative I found was that there is no air conditioning and the heating is controlled for the whole floor. When we arrived the room was somewhat cold, but then they put the heating up and it was no problem. Windows can be opened which is a plus. Regarding noise - we had a room to the back and it was okay. However, windows are not double-glazed and I imagine rooms to the main road can be noisy. All in all I think the place is a real find, given the price it is a top tip.
78. I stayed at Moda Hotel for 3 nights and I just loved it. Not only was the staff extremely friendly and helpful, making sure that I enjoyed my stay to the fullest. The room was also stylishly furnished and very quiet, given the central location. (I'm very noise-sensitive and asked for a quiet room when making my reservation - I got one!) Great breakfast at the restaurant next door gets you started for the day. Should I have another opportunity to visit Vancouver, this will be my place to stay.
79. Great location,great price my husband and I stayed during Grey Cup 2011..The location was great for all the venues and for the game. Shopping was walking distance for me as well. The staff was great the room was on the small size but we didn't spend much time in it . I agree with (Charmsy) afridge in the room would have been great. We would stay again for the location and the price..
80. First thing was the room was not ready,it was suppose to be ready at 3:00 but not ready till after 3:30. Had to wait in the TINY lobby.Then the air conditioner was off for the season,no central air.Windows were wide open letting in the street noise,closing them did not help with the noise(they supplied ear plugs but they would not stay in and only 1pair.) Only had queen size bed available.Had to search for a place to plug in the coffee maker. There was only 1 tiny sliver of soap to use. Oh yes there was no place to stop and unload your luggage.The staff was outstanding though.
81. This hotel is a quaint boutique hotel in a great centralized location. The front desk staff is friendly and always willing to help. While not on the cutting edge of design, the rooms have plenty of space and a touch of style with a pop of color and great photographs as artwork. The rooms are clean and there's an in-room temperature control. I would definitely stay here again.
82. Just spent 2 nights at the Moda. Saturday night was sleepless, the drunks on the street may as well have been in our room. Should have paid more attention to the reviews. Would possibly stay there again if I had an interior or rear facing room. Rooms nicely decorated and very clean, although it would seem that there is no air-cond. Staff very nice & helpful. Will be opening an adjoining restaurant soon. There is a wine bar next door that was nice. Didn't move the car the whole time, lots to see on foot.
83. We started the evening with fun, laughter and champagne...celebrating mine and my boyfriends birthdays. We then hoped in a cab to surprise him with a stay at the Moda Hotel, and he was more than excited. We had wanted to rent the restaurant beside it for our birthdays, so I knew it was his spot of choice. I let the staff know it was our birthdays and they provided a bottle of sparkling wine free of charge! That was amazing, since we didn't feel we had enough champagne already :p! The bed and bathroom were gorgeous, and the view was of the passerby's on Smithe and Seymour. We felt like tourists in our own city! Thanks Moda!
84. I am usually not one to write negative reviews, but I felt I could not with good conscious let fellow travelers stay here without being warned. The parking garage for this hotel is across the street, in a building currently under construction. Upon arrival, the front desk told us to empty our car of all valuables, good advice for anyone. It seems they were aware there had been a rash of break ins, but were not doing anything about it except to give a general warning and disclaimer they would not be liable. That night three cars belonging to hotel guests were broken into. Apparently the building security guard didn't hear any of the three alarms go off, or was too lazy to do anything about it. None of the hotel staff seemed surprised, and one told me that this happens quite frequently. And trust me, it is not easy to get a window replaced through an American insurance company while your in Canada. As to the hotel itself, it was very forgettable. The rooms are pretty small, the beds not very comfortable, and generally disappointing. I thought this would be a nice alternative to a chain hotel, as the pictures and descriptions made it look like a stylish, modern boutique hotel. Instead it was slightly dingy, pretty uncomfortable, and very disappointing.
85. Our room was small, clean, charming and we loved it. Our king size bed was a little hard and took over most of the room but that was okay. We had a corner room, and was bigger than most of the other hotel rooms. We over looked the intersection, it was a little noisey but it never bothered us nor did it take away from the stay. After the first night we didn't even notice any outside noise from street. The room was nicely renovated and the cleaning staff did an amazing job. My only complaint was the Blue haze in the hallway from some other guest. The hotel did try to deal with this and was only noticeable late at night. This is a young and hip hotel in the heart of the entertainment district. If you are expecting anything else you have booked the wrong hotel for your stay. The hotel staff was great, friendly and helpful. I would stay here again.
86. We stayed at the Moda Hotel for 4 nights in June. Our room was facing the street and was extremely noisy. The weekend was especially so and were woken up by people screaming, fire engines, police car sirens etc all night. The noise is the only real downside, the size of the room wasn't massive but was ok, the decor was gorgeous and the rooms were clean. The reception staff also seemed very friendly and helpful. The main plus was the location, two minutes walk from Robson Street for some retail therapy and only ten minutes walk to Gastown. If location is your number one priority then this is the hotel for you. If a good nights sleep is then you may want to reconsider.
87. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown at a convenient location near restaurants, bars, and shopping. Parking available at adjacent garage for reasonable hotel rate of $14/nt with in/out priveleges. Rooms are clean and modern, with free internet. The staff is also very welcoming and friendly. Overall, this is a place that I would recommend to others.
88. I've stayed at the Moda hotel for a few nights in April on a business, and I can say it was great stay for the value. Rooms were clean with comfortable beds. I liked how they decorated rooms and the lobby. Front desk staff - very helpful and professional. Considering that hotel does not have it's own parking, but they offer the discounted rate at the parking across the street, was also a good deal. I was satisified to learn that the internet access was free. All in all, I had a great stay, and I would stay at the Moda again.
89. Staying at this hotel is like staying at a re-marketed motel 6. It's not worth the price and it's not as the pictures portray. I would NOT recommend thud hotel. We were si disappointed we checked out early.... This is were the great customer service comes into play. Not only were they flexible with the lady minute cancelation but they also did not charge me a cancelation fee. If they could only update/remodel their rooms they would have a wonderful hotel.
90. great city atmosphere we stayed here 2 nights for our first visit to vancouver. overall, the hotel had wonderful modern decor and very helpful/friendly staff. the room was very clean but a bit noisy because we were facing the side of the street with construction. It was a bit stuffy/hot because there is no air conditioning but it did have a nice fan that was sufficient. this hotel seems ideally situation if you are interesting in seeing a concert at the orpheum or going out to the bars. next time i would prefer to stay some place a little bit closer to the seawall/down by the bay, if possible. Note: it was only a short walk to everything and we never had to use the car to get around town. Overall, it was a great city and a great hotel for the price just not my exact preferred location. Although please note the hotel itself was located on a very clean/safe street at least one city block away from the noisy bar area.
91. The service here is great, we were walked to the parkade, given visual instructions on how to open the gate and then were walked to our room to ensure we had no problems with our keys! The hotel was perfect walking distance to rogers arena! The room was clean, warm and private. The hotel, room and service were great! Definitely staying at The Moda on our next trip to Vancouver!
92. After reading all of the negative reviews about the loud noise, my wife and I took a gamble with this place. We honestly were sold with the special package for Washington state residents ($99/night with free parking in a secure, gated garage...not bad!). We were reassured by the staff that sound proofing would be completed by the time of our arrival. Regardless, we packed our ear plugs just to be safe. I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised. We were in a corner room on the third floor. The street noise was barely audible. You do get some noise from the hallway, but it was mostly negligible. The room was clean and well decorated. The bed was nice and firm with comfy pillows. The sheets were a bit stiff, but we got used to them pretty quickly. The bathroom was well stocked with Skoah products, a local (~5-7 min walk) Vancouver body care shop. A DVD player would be a nice touch. I also wish there was a micro/fridge combo for all of our wonderful leftovers. The staff was pleasant and very accommodating. They gladly held our bags and extended our free parking for several more hours after check out. Big brownie points in my opinion. The location can't be beat. You are in very close proximity to any number of bars, clubs, shops, and restaurants. We took a few Frommer walking tours and they all started within a few blocks from the hotel. Don't bother with the overpriced restaurants located on the street level of the hotel. There are much better places nearby. Next time we're in Vancouver, we'll definitely consider staying here again. Bravo, Moda Hotel!
93. I've stayed at the Moda on several occasions now. This time I booked a suite in order to hold a series of meetings, and it worked out really well. We made use of the onsite restaurants as well, though I find them a bit on the pricy side. I've always found the staff to be helpful, and I am always greeted with a smile. People complain about the noise, etc., but the hotel is in the middle of a busy part of the city...
94. My wife and I, along with another couple, stayed at the Moda while in Vancouver the night before our plane departed Canada. We were drawn in by the relatively low price compared to other hotels in the area. The pictures made the hotel seem very modern and trendy. After staying there I would say that it is more boutique than modern, but overall we were pleased with our stay. The Moda is located in a more upscale area of downtown Vancouver and away from a lot of the other tourist hotels (also away from the tourist attractions). We enjoyed not having to walk more than a few blocks to restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. The area felt safe even late into the evening and had a lot of pedestrian traffic. Our room was basic, but really all we were looking for was a place to sleep since we had planned to be out and about in Vancouver. Many other reviews mention how loud the hotel was, but we didn't find this to be the case. Being and older, renovated hotel you could hear water from other rooms and doors closing in the hallway, but it wasn't any worse than other hotels. The room had double glass windows, both of which could be opened, to help buffer the outside noise. Basically, if you're looking for a plush, trendy place to stay in Vancouver the Moda probably isn't the best fit. But, if you want a unique hotel and a good area, with a decent price, it's a good choice in our opinion.
95. My husband and I stayed there for our second time this past weekend. We have stayed in a suite both times, and find that they have done a good job of refurbishing an old building. However, there are too many little things that stop me from giving this a good rating. First is the parking. The only place to park is a grungy parkade across the street. They do not give you easily-found instruction on their website regarding their own parking arrangement in this parkade. Even with instruction, it is quite a hassle. You must first check in in order to get access to their section. Which means that you must somehow park your vehicle somewhere first in order to check in. There is no valet parking, which poses a problem because they are also situated on a busy street. Thus, you cannot just pull up in front of the hotel and park for a few minutes while you hop out and check in. It's extremely inconvenient. When I mentioned this to the lady who checked us in, her attitude was nothing short of rude. I had to tell her to watch her tone, which then got us the cold shoulder and even more attitude while she checked us in. She was no warmer the following day. We also discovered how cold this old building was. The in-room heating didn't seem to work, which might have explained the two portable heaters that were in our room. It's just not quite "there" yet.
96. I found the hotel staff super friendly, and location was really nice. However, I could NOT get shut-eye from the street sound mixed with the paper thin walls. Also, the elevator only holds 2 people with luggage, and there is only one. I just think for the price, I'd rather stay up the street at the l'Hermitage hotel and get much more modern comforts and updated hotel.
97. Mixed reviews for the Moda but the unfailing help and courteous attention I got from the staff made my visit special.These folks were great and put up with my confused laptop WiFi use without complaint. In fact the hotel was still awaiting a/c when I stayed but temperatures were comfortable. The rooms showed recent renovation and were excellent value for a mid priced intown hotel. I would advise checking on parking if you are driving because there is no way to stop out front without attracting an angry bus!! And the one way system can make for a nervous arrival to say the least. So do ask. When I was there parking was 100 yards away underground and the staff will urge you to immediately bring everything of value as you check in. Makes it sound worse than it really is...this is a decent area. There is no getting away from the fact that traffic noise thru the night is loud, even on the 4th floor. This ia very intown city and sirens, motor bikes and road racing engine gunners do make for interesting sleep. So if traffic is going to bother you this may not be the place....but if you want great people to help you look no further
98. The room was in a great location. We were able to walk all over the city. The bed was really comfy - the soap in the room was fabulous. If they had room service, it would have been perfect. This hotel would not be good if you want peace and quiet. At about 3AM, there was a "drunk driver" bust right outside of our window. We had just gotten home ourselves (walking, not driving! ), and it was pure entertainment to watch. I probably would have been annoyed if I had been sleeping, but it was a great place to crash if you want to go out in downtown Vancouver.
99. This hotel is perfect--great location (to Robson shopping/museums, Yaletown restaurants, etc. ), great staff (helpful with tips on how to navigate buses, etc. ), & stylish room (with wall photography of local sites that actually were beautiful, great decor--also clean with great size). I had read on-line that some found it noisy; so, I emailed a request for a quiet room. We had a wonderful corner room on the 4th floor.
100. Trendy, affordable and wonderfully located describe the Moda Hotel. The one problem (and it’s huge) is the noise. The building is not well insulated and you can hear virtually every noise from outside, other rooms and the hallways. We stayed two nights and the first night we were awoken at around 1 am by what sounded like a rowdy group of bachelorettes in the hallway outside our door, yelling for about a half hour. At 2 am and then again at 3 am, we could clearly hear the obnoxious conversations from the people down below on the street. Also around 6 am (the second morning) the maids started cleaning the rooms surrounding us. In total both nights we probably got six hours of sleep. If you are in serious party mode this is the place for you!
