1. We visited this hotel a few years back, and because of the location and value for money, we decided to come back. Our impression is really the same like the first time. The location is fantastic, the value and the reasonable quality makes it hard to beat. The hotel felt a bit more worn than the first time we stayed here, seems that not too much money is spent on refurbishment. I doubt that we'll be back for a third time. Nevertheless, I you want to stay in center of Barcelona without paying megabucks, we can recommend this hotel.
2. I stayed in hotel Regina for 3 days with my mum and sister and overall we were very happy with the hotel. Staff were friendly enough nice,modern,clean, and spacious room the only falt was that the rooms were very dark ther were only spotlights that were extremely dull but overall we enjoyed our stay and would definetly recommend this hotel as the location is great :) x
3. The hotel is centrally located at the foot of Las Ramblas. If you want to be in the heart of the city, this is the place. The rooms are clean, well appointed and modern. The service was above average to good. The staff made an effort to accomodate me with my issues and did their best. I found a great rate on the internet and I strongly believe that I received the best bang for my buck for Barcelona. Note to light sleepers! The walls are pretty thin and you can hear even the slightest activity outside your door. But, this is understandable given the age of the building.
4. The Hotel Regina is in a fantastic location, just off La Rambla and the Placa del Catalonya. It is next door to the Pulitzer Hotel and has the same manager. I was there for 5 days in April 2008. I had requested a room on a higher floor, away from the elevators and maid storage room, with a balcony. I received exactly what I had requested. The hotel provides all guests with a complimentary bottle of cava and a box of dessert chocolates - a very nice touch. The staff was very helpful and attentative. Maid service was terrific. The bar area serves some food or you can go to the dining room at the Pulitzer Hotel. There is room service - breakfast through late evening. The hotel room itself was great - nice size for a European hotel, extremely comfortable bed, in room safe and television, nice bathroom with amenities. It made for a very pleasant experience and stay in Barcelona
5. We couldn't believe how close to the very centre this hotel was- on a side street just off Placa Catalunya- less than a 2 min walk from the square that's on the top of La Ramblas. Yet the hotel is far enough away not to be noisy at night, and the street is very quiet at night. The room we stayed in was small- but I've stayed in smaller rooms in higher star hotels in London, and so I expected it in such a central hotel. Esp as we booked through a discount website and not directly. The bed did take up most of the bedroom space and the window looked out over a dark alleyway so not much natural light. However the room looked to be recently refurbished and was very comfortable and I didn't feel at all claustrophobic despite the room size. The bathroom was gorgeous, and the shower was wonderful- very powerful. The toiletries they provide are lovely and they also provide robes and slippers. There's also free internet all over the hotel, which is great if you've a laptop or iphone. The bar is really nice- big comfortable sofas and a big cocktail menu. The staff in the hotel are all very friendly and helpful. They also have discount rates for the bus tours and are quite happy to book restaurants and answer any questions. I really couldn't fault this hotel at all and if we return to Barcelona it would definitely be our first choice.
6. We stayed here one night pre cruise on June 13, 2009. The hotel has a great location near the top of Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. Our room wasn't ready as we arrived in the morning, but they will gladly stored our luggage for us. We had a family room which was a large room with four comfortable beds (two of the beds were pushed together to form a queen size bed) so all four of us could stay in one room. The bathroom was good sized and had wonderful amenities (shampoo, lotions, and individual toiletry kits for gentleman and ladies). There are also three computers with internet access available for free us which was convenient. The only problem with the room is that the air conditioning did not work very well and the room was hot (it was 78 degrees F in the room most of the time). Fortunately, we were so tired that we slept fine anyways. The staff was fairly friendly and called a taxi for us when we departed the next day for the pier.
7. I stayed at the Hotel Regina last week, having selected the hotel after a great deal of research. Besides wanting a nice facility with decent-sized rooms, I was very concerned about being able to avoid smoke. I sought a guarantee about all public space being smoke-free, as well as my room. To my delight, this was the case. No smoking allowed in the lobby, the restaurant, the Internet area, which is exactly what I wanted. And the room had no lingering odor, and was quite clean and comfortable. The beds could have been more comfortable, however. Very standard mattresses. Also, I would have liked a clock in the room - bring your own. The location is excellent, and close to a major Metro stop. It's always just a very short walk from the bustling Ramlas and Boqueria Market, a real bonus. Another positive is the assistance I received from a young man named Derek, who helped me out with a tricky dilemma, by making calls in Spanish for me, and being very accommodating. The area towards the back of the lobby was just right for use of the Internet, and because there are three computers, I always found one available, a real necessity when traveling. I can highly recommend this hotel.
8. Stayed a few nights in this hotel in November, 2011. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant. The hotel is nice and the rooms are nice, standard sized European rooms, with hardwood floors. The breakfast that comes with the hotel package is a standard European breakfast - both scrambled and boiled eggs, cold cereals and oatmeal, several types of ham, sausages, and bacon; pastries, several types of breads/rolls, butter, jam, fruits, orange juice, milk, and mineral water, all buffet style. There is free Wi-Fi access. The hotel is situated around the corner from Las Ramblas, which is great if you like the activity of Las Ramblas without having to hear it in your hotel room. The hotel is directly across the street from the entrance of the Metro station, but with the room I stayed in, I had no problems, couldn't hear the train at all, just peace and quiet. Had a walk-out balcony, which was nice to view the surrounding area. In my opinion, it's best to take a Taxi to the hotel. There are buses and the metro nearby, but depending on the time of night and how much luggage you have, it's probably better to take a taxi if you're not familiar with the area. Of course there's tons of stores and eateries in the Las Ramblas area. I suggest getting the hop-on/hop-off tour bus pass from the hotel, it's a few Euros cheaper and well worth it. Start out early though, as it takes you to other nice areas to shop and eat and lots of beautiful sights to see. I've been to Barcelona previously, so I definitely felt comfortable in the area. Even if I hadn't visited previously, would definitely still feel comfortable being out and about alone. Hard Rock Cafe is a five minute walk away as well, if you're interested. Staff was great there too!! Would definitely recommend this hotel again and again.
9. From Goh S.B. and Family... We have 4 nights of wonderful stay in Regina Hotel Barcelona just last week. The Family Room is huge - 4 single beds with large space to move around. It is very clean - it seems that the housekeeper would come in to clean and tidy up the room each time we are out. The receptionists are friendly and have no problem conversing in English. Breakfast is good, with wide range of meat, cereals, fruits and juices. A bit expensive though. I am particularly glad that the management readily modified the room rate each time it is reduced from time of my booking. One thing we find missing in the room - the complimentary coffee and tea, or at least an electric kettle. Though Starbuck is just next door, it is always great to return to the room and make for ourselves a cup of real hot drink to complete the day, especially during winter. Location is fantastic. Very convenient - direct transport by Aeroport Bus from the airport. This Hotel will definitely be our first choice if we decide to re-visit Barcelona.
10. I stayed here as single female traveller for 4 nights in a single room. Room - is clean and comfortable. This is the only hotel in all the Spain hotels i've been in that actually supplied full set of toiletries in particular toothbrush, sanitary bags, shower cap and slippers. The toilet could use better cleaning cuz it smelled a bit bad. The room is otherwise comfortable and well maintained. I also agree with other reviews that the banging doors could be a bit annoying. I also stayed at their sister hotel Pulitzer Hotel, in comparison Regina's decor is not as stylish, and service is not as comprehensive but the facilities are almost just as good. Service - is good. A few faults I could pick: The room service plates were not collected until housekeeping cleans your room the next day. The other thing was I posted 2 postcards via the reception and these are the only 2 cards that didn't reach the recipient. Not sure the reception or the postal service was to blame. Location - is excellent. Feels very safe to walk back to at night. Just 2 minutes away from the middle of town Plaza de Catalunya, where the tourist buses depart from and where the tourist information center is located. Very close to the Rambla and the surrounding shopping area. Walking distance to Barri Gotic and even to attractions that are further north such as Casa Batllo if you care to walk a bit further.
11. We stayed at this hotel 9 - 11 May 2009. The rooms were clean, modern and very comfortable. The only downside being there is no storage space for clothes! The hotel is right in the centre of everything and with a Starbucks next door which we made full use of during our stay. I would definately recommend this hotel to all types of traveller.
12. stayed one night after finding the jazz hotel fully booked, check in was ok. location is pretty good. Once in room were disappointed to find that the room looked like it needed a paint, scuff marks on the walls etc. The ac vent was filthy, lucky we could open the balcony doors we were a bit frightened to use the ac ! Beats me why the management can't just book a room out for a day and paint the walls ! also the hall way carpet stained in places. The room was quiet though and the bed , linen was good. Its probably ok value but the jazz is better. Our room rate included breakfast (32e) but we were leaving before 7 so couldn't have the breakfast. I was a bit p*ssed off when the guy at the desk would not refund the 32E. Would not stay there again
13. My wife and I spent five nights at the Regina. It is a lovely hotel situated in a nice street just off Placa de Catalunya and near Las Ramblas. Perfect location. Our room, situated on the fifth floor facing the street, was quiet, very clean with a good range of toiletries and linen was regularily replaced. Provision of robes and slipppers in the room and free access to the internet near reception was a bonus. Only small gripe about the room was the space at foot of bed which was too narrow to allow our larger case to be pulled through. However general layout and space in room and bathroom was excellent. Reception staff were very efficient, helpful and friendly. A couple who were with us had problems with a leaking shower but the response to their complaint was immediate. Attempted repair was ineffective but they were offered a change of room - excellent response and service. Overall this is a great hotel but let down by the breakfast. We found the hot dishes and the "hot" water for tea to be lukewarm and one morning we waited 25 minutes for the bacon to be replenished despite being advised, a few times "it will only be a minute". However the range of food on offer was fairly good. We used the hop on hop off bus for two days and found it very useful. The Bus Touristic is the most popular and there were long queues at a few stops. The other company, red buses, did not appear to have queues but check which sites they visit. The discount booklet provided helped save a few euros on entrance fees. You can also save couple of euros by purchasing your bus pack from reception. Expect to queue at some of the more popular attractions e.g. to get on the lift in the Sagrada Familia we would have had to queue for about one and a half hours.
14. Our family of 4 stayed here 1 night post cruise and chose the hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and I can see why the hotel gets such a high rating. It couldn't be in a better location, only a 100 yds off Catalunya in a quiet side street. It's a stylish hotel with a very welcoming staff and nice public areas. Our quad room was large and well equipped with nice touches such as bathrobes and slippers and a complimentary plate of fruit and water provided in the evening. The bathroom was big, with plenty of fluffy towels and the bedroom had a large TV with a good selection of channels. The free internet (and WiFi) was a welcome addition - particularly since our stay coincided with 2 VERY rainy days! A couple of minor gripes - the room was VERY hot and although it appeared to have aircon this didn't work - despite the fairly cool weather we still needed to keep the window wide open to air the room. The design of the hotel (wooden floors) doesn't lend itself to quiet - we stayed in a similar hotel in Barcelona before and found the same thing. The breakfast looked very good - but not worth 17 euros so we opted to go elsewhere. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel, or to stay here again when we next visit this wonderful city
15. This hotel was just off "La Rambla" which is perfect. It's a 5 minute walk to the main action! You don't want to stay right on La Rambla in August because it's very noisy and busy. The hotel itself has excellent rooms, great breakfast and very comfortable. It has a large convenience store accross the road for your necessities (water & snacks) and a star bucks next door. It's also only a 4 blocks from La Predera and about 30 minutes walk to Sagrada familia. The only negative is that the rooms are a little on the small side but I would rather comfort, luxury and small then large and not comfortable.
16. Cannot beat the location for this nicely furnished comfortable hotel just of the Plaza Catalunya. Close to the Ramblas without the noise and very near shopping, airport bus and tour buses. Flat screen tv, ample size rooms with comfortable beds and quiet. Only one problem. When I woke in the middle of the night to use the bathroom saw a bug in the bathroom. My only complaint. Imagine it may have come from the drain in the bathroom but still was dissappointing. In fairness to the hotel, I did not mention to the management because I didnt think there was anything they could do about this situation but did mention to housekeeping. All in all the hotel was clean
17. The hotel has a great location near La Rambla no doubt about that but it is very noisy. We could hear when people talked in the hallway, when people flushed their toilet and when the metro passed underneath the hotel (which it did very often). The staff in the reception was very helpfull and the service was great. Overall we had a very nice trip but we expected that a 4 star hotel would be more quiet.
18. We were seven women travelling together to celebrate a birthday. It is not easy to find rooms sleeping so many people at once, but we were able to book into a 4 and a 3 room. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, the location was really convenient and the service was great. A perfect choice for this sort of a weekend!
19. We had 3 nights at the Regina and couldn't fault it. The rooms were excellent and the location is ideal - just off the Placa Catalunya 5 minutes from the airport bus. Staff were friendly and very helpful. We were directed to a tapas restaurant on our first night and had an excellent meal at a very reasonalbe price, not you usual hotel recommended rip-off. Nice bar downstairs. Only niggle is that breakfast is good but expensive at 16 euros per person I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a relaxed and easy stay in Barcelona
20. Hotel Regina has great location. It is a walking distance to Las Ramblas, Plaza Catalunya, Barri Gothic, etc. The rooms are huge and clean but the bathrooms are small. The bathroom tiles are kinda old as well as the hallway tiles. There are chipping. I love the internet room . Internet is free. The lobby is just OK. The staff in the front desk are NOT so friendly. There is only one small elevator. It could accomodate only 4 people. But what turned me off with this hotel is the rate/night. Paying $200/night without breakfast is too much. There are much better hotels around the area with this rate.
21. This hotel was located right off of Las Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya which is right where you want to stay in Barcelona. The metro picks up right down the street and if using the Aerobus from the airport you can get to this hotel for 5 euro each which drops off a block from hotel in plaza catalunya. I believe this is the central area in Barcelona. Hotel is clean... make sure you get the updated rooms. We booked 3 rooms and the two rooms which were with 2 single beds were very updated. The one we got with the double bed was a little older, bathroom was not as updated as the others but still clean. But for the price and location and the complimentary breakfast made it good for traveling with family. I would highly recommend this hotel and wish we booked it for after our cruise as well since the location was so good. Girl at the front desk was so helpful and helped us get into a triple room which i could not book online but she was able to get for me saving me from getting a 4th room for only one person since we traveled with a family of 7.
22. As regular visitors to Barca, we have never quite found a hotel that has met our needs as well as the Regina. Family rooms are difficult to find or are ridiculously expensive. This hotel was perfect for us, a great central location with a decent sized room. What really made our stay so pleasant was the helpful staff - everyone's English was excellent and a couple of members of staff really made us feel welcome, particularly an older gentlemen who attended the front desk and showed us to our rooms (he had a twinkle in his eye) and the lady with short dark curly hair who attended to us at breakfast.
23. Stayed at the Hotel Regina for 2 nights in August in a family room. The room was exceptionally spacious, the bathroom well stocked with towels, robes and toiletries. The beds were the most comfortable we have ever had in an hotel room anywhere in the world. Our teenage girls especially appreciated the free internet. The hotel is brilliantly situated for exploring Barcelona with most of the attractions within easy walking distance. The family room offers good value for money. The staff are very friendly and accomodating. I can thoroughly recommend the hotel.
24. From this hotel you can get wherever you want. Actually it is in the middle of everything. Metro and busses just next, nor far from the market, the sea and the Gaudi buildings. The room was nice and clean and big. We had an excellent view. We also received a bottle of cava and chocolate from the hotel which was very nice. Sometimes it was a bit noisy in the night, you could hear the train... but that's normal for a hotel with such an excellent location. The bed was very comfortable too. Would definitely stay there again.
25. I am an avid user of trip advisor so I felt it was time that I began to help other travelers in their hotel decision making. We travel a lot and like very nice hotels. This is hard hotel to review because there were a lot of things we liked about it and then a lot we did not. The location is EXCELLENT. Off on a side street around the corner from Las Ramblas and the Plaza Cantalunya...it can't be beat. We walked everywhere but were happy to come back at night to a more peaceful environment. I would not recommend staying on Las Ramblas at any of those hotels. The staff is very courteous and helpful Free wireless- a huge plus when traveling with young adults. The hotel itself is just moderate. The rooms are small and the bathrooms are even smaller. The decor is very minimalist. We had just come from the Westin Palace in Madrid...a true 4-5 star hotel. This hotel just isn't. There was a really weird odor coming into our room every night...almost sulphur like. There was a vent in the bathroom that vented into an interior shaft and when I closed the vent, the smell subsided somewhat. The first room we were put in had black mold on the ceiling around the A/C vent...I found it hard to get that out of my mind even though the staff gladly moved us into another room. Overall our stay at the Regina was fine...but that's it..just fine. I think there are better hotels in Barcelona in this price category.
26. Everything about the hotel we loved: the spacious rooms, wonderful location and the helpful staff. We stayed there for 4 nights. THE ROOM: Modern and spacious (positively huge since we just came from our tiny room in Paris). The room was well appointed with two double beds, big LCD TV (some English channels), huge bathroom with bidet, separate area for sink and tub w/shower, lots of desk space. We requested a quieter room and got room 219, it was fairly quiet. Our bathroom did have a view of the back of the El Triangle sign that faced Carrer de Pelai. THE LOCATION: A block from the Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. The train, subway and airport shuttle bus are all within a blocks walking distance. The shops of Eixample and Diaganol are a close stroll. Food and drink wise are abundantly close and of varying prices and quality. There are great places to eat at everywhere. We tried to avoid eating on Ramblas since we thought it was all touristy. There is a Co-op supermarket directly across the street from the hotel. From the hotel it was an easy walk to Gothic Quarter, Barceloneta Beach, Born District, Eixample shops. THE SERVICE: We had arrived at 9:30 in the morning and the staff were very helpful getting us the best possible room. We were surprised by a bottle of champagne in our room. The manager had sent It for our 10 year anniversary. We were always greeted warmly by staff. The location of the hotel made it close to everywhere. From experience, we've come to realize location is the key to a great vacationing experience. Hotel Regina certainly has that in spades. Literally steps from all the action, yet still a quiet night rest. We could easily drop off shopping or siesta in the afternoon yet still be in the thick of things once we were ready to go. The spacious room and great staff made this one of our best stays ever!
27. Great location, very nice hotel, lovely staff. Only problem was that the rooms had poor sound insulation. Ours was just above the bar and hence quite noisy. Ask for a room to the atrium at the end of the hallway and you should be fine. Also the quality in the bar varied quite a bit, from very good to barely okay.
28. We stayed there for 5 nights in October 2011 in a standard double room with a small terrasse overlooking the street. The best part of this hotel is the location as it is right at the intersection of La Rambla (the main tourist strip in the Old City) and Passeig de Gracia (the main shopping street). Travelling by taxi to Placa Catalunya can be a bit bothersome at times as there were often protests and other reasons that the area around the square was blocked off from traffic. Although if you are planning on travelling by foot and metro, the location is very convenient. The area is quite noisy and the street itself is a small side street that is not very nice though. The room was on the small side but still comfortable for two people. It was very clean, with the exception of the shower that could have benefited from a soap-scum scrub down. No full length mirror unfortunately. We were happy that they gave us a room with a terrasse. Overall the room was good for a standard double. The service at the hotel was kind of poor - reception was not friendly (no smiles) and seemed a bit aggravated at times when we asked for help. Not what I was expecting from a 4 star hotel. Overall, our experience there was decent. Next time I'm in Barcelona, I would rather stay on the nearby street Rambla de Catalunya as this is much more picturesque, still perfectly located and has several nice 4-star boutique hotels.
29. Stayed for two nights. We liked the hotel very much; friendly/service minded staff, great location, nice design in hotel/room and cool lounge. Breakfast was good with sufficient range of offers. Very central location attractive to us just next to Plaça Catalonia, Plaça Universitat, Las Ramblas and El Corte Ingles. Quick access to metro for reaching sightseeing goals. Our room had double balcony doors so the lively noise of Barcelona did not disturb us at least. Room door was however not very soundproof - so could hear if anyone slammed the door during night, but we slept quite well. In our view this stay was good value for money.
30. Our one night stay at the Hotel Regina was excellent in every way. Jose Sanchez, the general manager, was extremely helpful to me prior to our stay via email. He went above and beyond in making sure we got what we requested. The rooms were very clean, modern and large for European standards and its location perfect for getting around. I would not hesitate in staying here again and would recommend this hotel to our family or friends.
31. This palce is really great! I love how it's so conveniently located near Placa Catalunya. Just across the street there's a mini grocery, and half a block down you will find the red tour buses and the airport bus (no need to transfer!). My friend and I only had a couple of days to see barcelona so I thought booking a hotel that's central would be best. We arrived after 1AM because our flight was delayed, and they gave us a small discount which was reasonable. The whole trip was excellent, we were able to go to all the museums and parks during the day by red tour buses which starts at the Placa Catalunya (all buses passby this block), took the Metro and walked around the gothic quarters and the surrounding areas because it's really just a few blocks away. There are a few familiar shops around the area, but you can also take the tour bus that stops right across the malls. The only thing I didn't like are the cafes and some restaurants in the area. They all tasted as though they microwave just about everything. We were able to sum a lot of Barcelona in 2 days. If we stayed further out we would have spent just as much on cabs and waste time on trying to figure out the bus and train schedules. Plus the staff is great! Although the concierge didn't explain that there are TWO red bus compaines meaning TWO different line ups (which you can figure out once you get there), everything else was great.
32. We stayed in this hotel for a week vacation in Barcelona. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, they've even organized tickets for a football match (which was quite complicated as we arrived on the match day). The hotel is modern and has all neccesary facilities, including free WiFi access. The breakfast is good, though a little variation would be welcomed. One thing to ruin it all was extremly lousy sound insulation - it sounds like walls are made of carton or something. Every day we followed the same routine - at night you cannot sleep because of neighbours returning from famous Barcelona nightlife. In the morning our wake up was set at 7:00 when the cleaning personell is starting to vacuum clean the corridor talking out loud to each other. Later, when early birds start to go for sightseeing, we could hear every word they said. All in all, the hotel management has to do something to improve this, because otherwise the hotel is mostly reccomended.
33. After spending what felt like days googling hotels in barcelona I stumbled onto Hotel Regina and booked an early booking offer via a discount webpage. Very friendly hotel staff greeted us on arrival and directed us to our room - 408. I booked the trip for my boyfriends birthday and about 10minutes after getting settled the door went and it was a birthday cake and champagne courtesy of the hotel - very nice touch!! Rooms are lovely . Spotlessly clean and our maid done a fantastic job - coming back each night to an immaculately tidy room. Mini bar has a variety of drinks and snacks. Location is excellent - 30seconds walk from plaza catalunya. Have already recommended Hotel Regina to everyone Ive spoken to! Everything about it gets a thumbs up from me! !
34. I arranged for our small staff to stay at the Hotel Regina during a convention in June of 2008. Even before we arrived, the staff at the hotel was very responsive to questions that we sent via email, etc. Once we arrived, I was again pleasantly surprised at how nice and helpful the staff was. The lobby was small, but very well kept and beautiful. The rooms were comfortable and really modern, clean and nice. The internet was free, so that was great as well! The hotel is in a great area, very close to the Catalonia Ramblas. It wasn't very close to the convention center, but the subway was close and easy to use.
35. Location is great, by walk; 1min to Pl Catalunya, 3mins to La Rambla, 10-15 mins to Barri Gothic and cathedrals etc.. We did not prefer a hotel on La Rambla street, we thought it might be too loudy for sleep. So the best choice for us was around Pl Catalunya. Even on the day of new year 31.12, we slept very well although there was still new year celebrations going on Pl Catalunya. We stayed at a standart room which was clean but a little bit tiny. The room door was opening very close to our bed, that was a little uncomfortable however, at the end of the day, the size is good for a city centre based hotel. A bigger room can be an alternative. Breakfast was fine. Staff was friendly. We didnt face any problems and would definitely check for the next visit.
36. A Hotel that started life in 1917 is bound to have issues in it's infrastructure, but this was more than compensated with the BEST staff ever ... ...although the General Manager Sr. Jose Mª Sanchez-Harguindey was away, it was left in Good Hands... My sincere thanks to Rafael, Jose and especially Lucilla, who sorted out our Flight Problems with the staff at Easyjet (should be renamed Hardjet). ~ Highly recommend this Hotel and the Staff are 5*
37. This hotel was absolutely super for what I needed. It could have been anywhere in the world, and a single room had a large single bed only (which is quite unusual in my experience). Everything was clean and tidy and there was a nice fluffy robe and slippers. The shower was good but leaked (didn't flood the bathroom), the mini bar wasn't replenished, and the balcony was just odd (see pictures), but based on what other people told me I got a bargain for where I was staying. The metro rumbles a bit underground, but certainly not enough to actually disturb my sleep. I'd definitely go back here if I went to Barcelona again.
38. We flew in to Barcelona and had a cruise to catch the next day. The hotel was perfect. The location was right in the heart of the city. starbucks was next door and the main city square was right out the door. They offered to do anything we asked. We were shocked how helpful and kind the staff was. the bar was warm and the lobby was clean and neat. Rooms were typical for a city. They were very clean and neat. Bathrooms were very modern and more than functionable. We are looking forward to finding a reason to go back to Barcelona and enjoy their hospitality for a longer stay. When we returned back from the cruise they stored our luggage until our flight . no charge... Very class act. they sold us on how to treat a guest - Not sure anyone can match their quality but we do travel a bit so we are using them for a benchmark. They also corrdinated private drivers to meet us everywhere we asked
39. Overall the hotel was of a good standard, however there were several things that really let it down and caused us (the customer) more hassle than we wanted. When we arrived early the staff appeared to be quite accomodating and gave us a room key etc - when we got to the room it was appalling, next to a cleaner's cupboard and with no window - it was small and not worthy of the 118 euros my now fiancee (he proposed in Barcelona) paid for it. After going back to reception I said that I was not happy with the room, the staff member (whose name was maybe Sr. Jose?) did not argue but said ok, as I began to justify why I wanted to change he was quite rude and did not listen to my reasons which outlined what we wanted. He offered us another room but said we'd need to wait until it was clean - that was fine and we went for a stroll. When we got back his colleague (who was really nice) showed us the room - we still weren't happy with it really, it had a window but no view as it was behind a billboard. I said that this was a birthday treat and could he not organise a nicer room for us. He was again very rude and ignored what I'd said but claimed that this was the last room in the hotel! We reluctantly accepted the room and did have a really nice time in Barcelona. When we checked out two days later the staff were so friendly and polite, as were the breakfast staff who served us. The location is brilliant, the breakfast is brilliant, rooms vary, the actual standard is good but some have either no window or decent view, the staff vary - some were brilliant some were really rude and unwelcoming, with lack of understanding for customer service. Seriously dampened the start of our visit to Barcelona!
40. Stayed at the Hotel Regina in May for 3 nights. I booked two rooms and I couldn't have been happier with the two rooms we were allocated. The rooms were really spacious and modern and both had great outlooks and even although both rooms were to the front of the hotel they were both really quiet at night. One of the rooms was for my brother and I booked this on a "double room for single occupancy rate" and I have to say it was well worth booking this room. I had emailed ahead with specific requiremets and they were met in every way. Every member of staff, from reception to bar staff were extremely professional and helpful. We used the facilities of the adjoining Pulitzer hotel, ie. roof top bar and courtyard, if we returned during the day, and on returning to the hotel later on in the evening used the bar area at the Regina. On returning to the UK I wrote to the Manager to thank him and his staff and received a really nice response from him, which I wasn't expecting. I had such a good time in Barcelona and was so happy with the hotel that I couldn't even say goodbye to the staff as we left as I was crying!! Would most definitely return to this hotel.
41. We had a terrific time in this hotel. It was clean, comfortable and a nice size for our family (two adults and two children), especially by European standards. Very close for a nice stroll to the Plaza Cataluna and Las Ramblas. Near Casa Batllo as well. We stayed here prior to our cruise and found it convenient to the port area. We loved the free wifi internet access as well. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again when we return to glorious Barcelona.
42. The Hotel Regina is in the perfect location, just around the corner from "Las Ramblas", and directly across the street from the Metro. It's an older Hotel, but was tidy with clean rooms and a nice lounge area. However, I would not recommend this Hotel, as the walls are paper thin and we could hear every sound made by the housekeeping staff and other Hotel guests. We booked four rooms for our extended Christmas family vacation, for 9 adults and 1 child. The housekeeping staff staging area was located on our floor. This consisted of an archaic service elevator and supply room, which was accessed from early morning until evening daily. The loud clanking continued throughout the day and evening for our entire 9 day stay. Although the housekeeping staff and bartenders were wonderful, I was shocked that the front desk staff refused to ask our upstairs neighbor to refrain from allowing their child to run sprints back and forth in the hall at 2 am, on the floor above. We were told, "we can't help you with that., but we can give you their room number and you can call yourself if you'd like." You could literally hear every minute sound. The bare hardwood floors and thin walls made getting a goodnight sleep nearly impossible! This would not be the place for honeymooners. On a brighter note, although there is no restaurant on site, delicious meals are available via room service from the Hotel next door. The food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
43. We tried this hotel during a 2night stopover on the basis of previous trip advisor reviews & completely satisfied with all aspects. The hotel staff were friendly & courteous, spotless rooms with large well equipped bathrooms. The location was ideal for all tourist attractions & 2min walk to the main bus area for connections to nearby attractions.
44. Great price, great service, nice clean rooms (somewhat modern too), and PRIME location, 5 minutes walk from Las Ramblas and walkable to the seaport/pier on a mild day. Not to mention there is a metro, hop off/on bus and Aerobus right down the street and around the corner from convenient shopping.
45. We were here for 3 days last month and thouroughly enjoyed our time. Barcelona has so many beautiful sights and this hotel is in the ideal location to walk, hail a cab, or take the metro. The staff was helpful and friendly and gave us great tips for restaurants, especially Brasseria Flo. We ate there twice! We did eat at the breakfast buffet and as mentioned, there were limited hot choices. The fresh fruit and pastries were nice as well as the Iberian ham. it was not worth 16E each, possibly 10E would be more appropriate. The beds and pillows were comfy. The shampoo, lotions, etc were of good quality. We did not watch tv, but there seemed to be a few English choices. There was a little noise/movement from the metro. We will certainly stay here again.
46. This hotel is in a really good location at the top of Las Ramblas and very convenient for the excellent airport buses to the main airport (but equally convenient for Reus or Girona as so close to Placa Catalunya). Really convenient for the Tour bus, walking to anywhere, the train and or local buses. Our room was spacious with bath and shower, robes and slippers, chocolate left on the overturned sheet on the bed. Check in was easy and pleasant even though we arrived at getting on for midnight, bar staff pleasant (although its expensive in the bar), efficient cleaning, helpful reception staff, easy check out. The only fault you could make from my perspective is that Barcelona is an incredibly noisy city all through the night and this hotel is equally a victim of that - but I can't see how you can get away from that unless you stay way out of town. I would definitely stay here again. I am a regular traveller to Barcelona and this is the best of the hotels I have stayed in for the price. Oh and as an added extra you can use the internet easily and freely.
47. Stayed twice at the Regina within the space of 10 days (pre and post cruise)and found its location at the top of the Ramblas and next to Catalunya Square to be excellent for shopping,buses,taxis and general sightseeing. Despite other peoples experiences with the staff we found them to be efficient and helpful BUT you get what you put in so maybe a bit of courtesy towards them would pay dividends when you want early check ins and somewhere to hold your cases after you checkout or taxis,information etc. Anyway down to the Hotel itself the Public areas are pleasant and well kept there is a small free internet cafe.The breakfasts looked good but we did not have any as they are pricey and you can just wander out and go to nearby cafes anyway. The room themselves were probably chic/fashionable/minimalist when it opened 10/12 years ago but now whilst they are clean and functional they are worn around the edges and like the towels slightly frayed.I would also agree with other reviewers that the sound insulation is poor. We stayed in a large family room with our two young children and have no issues with it as we got a good rate, just take the online pictures with a pinch of salt. I do not know how the Hotel rating system works but this is a 3 star not 4 star Hotel. Would we stay there again yes, but not for more than a couple of days.
48. I stayed here for 4 nights when I came for a trade show and fortunately, as I was here for business, didn't stay in the room or hotel very much. I actually made a booking at Pulitzer Hotel, which is the sister hotel of Regina, and literally next door. But he Pulitzer was full, so they booked me a room at the Regina instead. The best things I would say is the fantastic location of the hotel, which is a short walk to Ramblas or Paseo de Gracia, with great shopping. The other good things are the reasonable rate of the hotel and the impressive lobby, which feels like a grand old hotel. However, once you pass the lobby and go towards the rooms, you come to a tiny lift (only one lift!) so be prepared to wait and if there are 2 of you with luggage, its a tight squeeze. Then the rooms ... you start to feel the age and tiredness of the rooms when you step in. Room size is also on the small side. Opt for rooms in the front, at least you'll have a window. My room was at the back and there was a tiny window in the corner, facing a brick wall. Can be depressing if you don't walk out of the hotel to look at the sky. If you need a drink, its better to walk next door to the Bar at the Pulitzer, which seems more civilized and lively. Personally, I wouldn't come back to stay here as there are so many other great choices in Barcelona. For a similar location and type of hotel, I would probably opt for Pulitzer or Jazz Hotel next time.
49. Just back from a superb stay at the Hotel Regina. The hotel could not be any more central or better located than it is from both La Ramblas and the shopping. The hotel is beautiful, and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms great, slightly small but perfect for what we needed. Cleaned everyday and central heating was great. Have been recommending the hotel already! Still cannot believe the price we paid for the location and the quality. Overall had an excellent stay and will definately be back.
50. Perfect location - just off Placa de Catalunya, right at the heart of Barcelona. Room was small but very clean and tastefully furnished (although lacking a full size mirror). Very comfortable bed. A functional modern bathroom. Free internet in the lounge area. Breakfast - buffet style, varied, good quality food. We recommend this hotel. with confidence.
51. The Hotel Regina was almost perfect. The staff members were extremely helpful and very polite. The hotel itself is quite beautiful inside. The decor is in dark, earthy colors, giving it a warm and cozy feeling. Everything is extremely clean. In comparison to the rest of the hotel, the room was a bit disappointing. We had booked a double room and though immaculate, it was very cramped. The minimalist decor would have been better if everything hadn't been just black and white. As there were construction works going on outside the hotel, the room's window provided us with absolutely no natural light. This made the room seem very dark even in the middle of the day. It did make for a good night's sleep though. The rooms were comfortable and quiet. Breakfast was good. There was something for everyone. The breakfast room staff didn't speak English which proved to be difficult for some people. I speak Spanish but my friend didn't, so when I came down for breakfast my friend was struggling to explain to the staff member that coffee had run out in the decanter. Funny for me, maybe not so much for others. If you're staying with friends or family this is a good hotel to stay at. The location is excellent and the staff is really nice. If this is a romantic getaway, then I would recommend staying somewhere else. Tiniest bathtub ever!
52. I would rate the Hotel Regina much closer to a three-star than a four-star property. It's obvious that they've undergone some renovations (lobby and bar area are nicely furnished), but a coat of paint and updated IKEA furnishings do not a four star property make. The location of the hotel is excellent -- great things w/in walking distance and one-half block from the Metro. The common areas (especially the hallways) are right out of a 1970's B-movie set: cheap carpet, wood-panel doors, institutional color palette, etc. The amenities are limited and cheap (no soap for the shower?). The sinks (there were 2 sinks in our room) were located as part of the living/sleeping area (common layout for European and Asian hotels). One of our sinks was perpetually clogged. We notified the front desk of this problem but they failed to correct it during our 3 night stay. Although there was plenty of hot water for the shower, because the glass "door" extended along only one-third the length of the bathtub, the result was a very drafty shower. There was an itty bitty balcony with our room w/ enough space for two people to stand upright (but certainly no sitting) that had a very nice view of the "Triangle," the area just beyond Placa Catalunya. The hotel is woefully understaffed. There was no doorman or porter/bellhop so we were left to our own struggles to get our many bags through the front door and up the stairs to the aging (and SMALL) elevator. They had a business centre w/ free and fast internet access but we did occasionally have issues w/ WiFi from the room. Generally, an adequate hotel, but doesn't live up to other Spanish (including Barcelona) four star properties.
53. srcit76 Wilmington, DE Based on recommendations found here we stayed two nights prior to a cruise. No regrets.The location, on a quiet street with it's proximity to the Placa de Catalunya, La Ramblas and restaurants was perfect. Our room, facing the street on the fifth floor was very clean and the beds comfortable. Excellent lighting to read in bed but no so at the desk. The only negative was a leaky shower door that puddled water on the floor. A very friendly and helpful staff. We would stay here again. (Note: The floor plan posted on the door did show some rooms to be quite small. Those facing the street are much larger).
54. Rooms were small but had everything we needed. We traveled with another couple, and our room was twice the size of theirs. The computer lounge was nice. The proximity to Plaza de Catalunya and Las Ramblas is perfect. You are paying for the location. Close to metro, 15 minute ride to beach, you need to switch trains once. I would recommend this hotel.
55. I have stayed for four nights at this fabulous hotel . The hotel is located just 1 minutes walk from the Plaza Catalunya square and the metro station. The easiest way to get to the hotel from the airport is using the Aerobus shattle, it's a direct bus from the airport to the city center, the last station is the Plaza Catalunya square, it's cost only 8 euro for a retorn ticket that valid up to 9 days. Tha hotel staff wad so delightful and they were always willing to help answer my questions or provide recommendations. The room was very clean and comfort with a free WIFI, a air-condition and even a bathrobe and slippers, it's was so nice to came back to the room after a long day out.
56. We had an excellent stay for a long weekend in Barcelona. Location: Very convenient for the major atrractions and the Bus Turistic which picks up from Placa del Cataluyna. Also in a lovely area to walk to local restaurants etc. Rooms: Clean, classy and well laid out, we were not bothered by the noise of other guests or outside. The only thing was the faint rumbling of the occasional underground train. There is also a free internet lounge. Staff: Excellent and only too happy to help, they went out of their way to help when my husband was ill. The also organised our departure. In summary, we highly recommend the Hotel Regina for your next stay in Barcelona!
57. My mom and I stayed at a twin room at Hotel Regina in mid April. We picked this hotel for its location and we weren't disappointed. Everything was either walking or subway ride away, subway station was definitely less than 5 minutes walk away. The staff was OK but they sure made us wait when checking in (previous group was large and took forever). The room was rather small (we got room 211). I think we were facing the back side of the hotel but couldn't tell too well because there was only one tiny, narrow window facing walls with hardly any light coming in. The lighting in the room was fine, so we didn't feel all that bad, but a view would have been nice. We did hear some subway noise during the day time, but that didn't wake us up early or anything. Also, the room was kept quite warm, so we didn't even need the blankets when trying to sleep. The bonus was free access to 3 computers at business center-I wasn't expecting it, so it was nice to have. And there was a little supermarket right across the street, which made it easy for us to buy water and other snack items. Overall, I thought the hotel was clean, modern looking and in a great central location. Ideally, the room could have been bigger and with more natural light, but for busy travelers just needing a place to sleep, it was very nice.
58. Sorry I am taking so long to review this hotel after my stay in March 2010. I will preface this review by saying that I live in Europe and have stayed in hundreds of hotels in the region. I'm accustomed to small rooms, and I think I'm a reasonable reviewer of hotels. I don't require top-notch luxury if I'm not paying a lot of money. But I have to say this was the worst room I've had in a highly rated TripAdvisor hotel and a terrible experience given the amount of money we spent for the room. After seeing other reviewers' photos, I see that perhaps my experience was unusual, but be warned that it could be you next time. Granted, we chose the least expensive room when booking, but even the least expensive room at this rate should have been better. My girlfriend and I checked in late and after waiting 15 minutes for the front desk employee to get off the phone, we were given a terribly small, dark, depressing, windowless room. I say windowless, but it actually did have a tiny high window that opened a little into a crawlspace/alley that was perpetually dark. The room itself was stark with the bed taking up almost the entire space. The bathroom was equally unimpressive. We asked immediately for a room change, but the front desk employee said that no others were available that night. He said he would switch the room in the following day or two. Every day we checked back, but to no avail. The only positive I can say about the hotel was that the entry way and common areas were nicely designed in a modern style. And it had a good location for touring. But we wanted nothing to do with the hotel and strived to be out as much as possible. I do not recommend that you choose this hotel.
59. We spent Easter time at hotel Regina with children. It has great location, only few steps from Rambla and Plaza Catulunya and that's why we chose this hotel. Staff and also interior of the hotel is nice but we were little bit disapointed from family room. We had family room on the 4th floor and it was not very spacious and comfortable. But every other things were ok...
60. We stayed here a day early prior to leaving on a Mediterranean Cruise. We had heard bad things about Barcelona hotel and were not sure what to expect. We were greeted by exceptionally helpful and friendly staff. Every one we came in contact with spoke English except for the bartender. Our lost luggage was tracked down by staff members and delivered to our room when it arrived. Our room had a king size bed, beautiful bathroom and a sitting room. Very clean with all the amenities. The only bad thing I could say was noise from the hallway filtered into the room quite a bit. As it was pouring rain we decided to eat in the bar area. The food was fantastic and the service was quick and efficient. The hotel location is a very short walking distance to the Ramblas. A great cultural and good shopping experience.
61. excellent location, central. top of las ramblas, close to all public transport including train, underground and buses. definitely 4 stars and also rooms of high quality. Good service too. In summary, value for money, quality, great location - what more do you need in a hotel for a city break
62. I normally stay in the Pulitzer hotel next door which is a sister hotel and represents far better value for money than Regina which is really showing its age. Locataion is great for either business or tourists so that is a major plus but the regina is not as good value as the Pulitzer. Rooms and public spaces are definitely very tired and room service menu is very limited (no restaurant) - breakfast was decent but due to a conference in town at the time the cost for my room was prohibitively expensive
63. I ended up with a reservation at this hotel instead of its sister property, Hotel Pulitzer (right next door). So, watch the website link you are taken to...to ensure you're reserving at your preferred property. The accommodations at Hotel Regina were fine though it does lack luster in terms of decor. The room I had was simple and not one to 'hang-out' in. It served as a home base and for sleeping primarily. The excellent room rate obtained was due to the room being located just over an underground transportation line that didn't shut down until about midnight and would start up about 6:00a.m. the following morning. I was so tired from jetlag and being on the go, that the first few nights...this didn't bother me. But over the 8 nights of my stay, there were a couple nights when it was a bit annoying. Overall, the room was clean, and desk staff were helpful. There was no breakfast included with my room rate.
64. Really nice hotel. The room was a bit on the small side, but the fixtures were new and stylish. The minibar had decent prices for that, and the wireless internet was free. The location, 50 meters from the Plaza Catalunya was unbeatable. From there you can access a major Metro station and the cheap (5 euro) bus to the airport from the front of El Corte Ingles department store. The Rambla is right outside your door, major Gaudi edifices are a short walk away. My buddy found the location noisy and found it hard to sleep, but I didn't notice. We got the room for about $150 a night. I say it was a major deal.
65. Surly check in clerk. Air con did not work despite complaining twice. Not one good nights sleep in 3 night stay due to non existent sound proofing between rooms and corridor. If you like the sound of slamming doors, stay here, otherwise spend your euros more wisely. 2nd attempt to review this hotel so hopefully this one will get shown!
66. We stayed at Hotel Regina for 2 nights just last weekend. Location was excellent and close to everything. Our room was spacious, very clean and quite (considering we were right off the main shopping area). The staff were helpful and friendly. I will definitley be returning to Barcelona and with that will be returning to the Hotel Regina.
67. We spent 6 nights at the Hotel Regina, and chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews. It was not as good as we had expected it to be, mainly because we were given a poor quality room. Pros: Excellent location next to Placa Catalunya - easy walk to Las Ramblas/the beach/all transport links and aerobus etc Comfortable beds and quiet room which was clean Free wifi Nice, relaxing bar area with very helpful waiter who fed us free crisps etc when we were having wine Bathrobes and slippers provided in rooms (both huge) Cons: We were given a very small, cramped room. There was no view from the window (see photo)and no sunlight into the room. We couldn't tell what the weather was like from our room. Despite asking for a non-smoking room, our room smelt strongly of stale cigarette smoke and other people's smoke came through the air conditioning into our room. No kettle to make a cup of tea No iron/board in room - although staff did provide us with this on request. Safety of iron questionable (see photo) Didn't always replace toiletries in room Reception staff variable in terms of helpfulness. Our room phone didn't work and wasn't fixed during our stay. Small shower-room, with water from shower escaping onto floor. Overall, if you are looking for a no-frills, central hotel close to all transport links, then Hotel Regina is probably worth considering. If you like a bit of luxury on your holiday, probably best avoided. In our view, not worthy of its four star status and more like a three star.
68. We had an overnight in Barcelona before the start of our NCL cruise. We chose the Hotel Regina for its location a block from Placa Catalunya and the start of Las Ramblas. When we checked in, they gave us a superior room, which had plenty of space for the two of us with double beds and a then a couch in an alcove area. The room and large bathroom were clean and orderly. The breakfast buffet had a wide variety of options although the restaurant is not clearly marked, You had to walk through a doorway by the bar and then go pass the toilets to find it. The one negative comment would be that the space between the beds and the wall unit did not allow for luggage to be rolled through. I had to lift them over the beds to get to the other side. It was only a few blocks to the Gothic area and the two wonderful churches there, the Cathedral and Santa Maria del Mar. The Hard Rock is right on Placa Catalunya as well. We walked from the Hotel to the end of Las Ramblas to catch the cruise terminal shuttle right across from the Columbus monument. (olny took 30 minutes and that was with stopping at a few shops along the way) We would not hesitate going to this hotel again.
69. We had a group of four of us - no couples - so really appreciated the "family room" we were able to get here (for a reasonable price). It was very spacious and clean and had a big bathroom and lots of room to spread out. Sadly we only stayed one night but we had excellent service from the very friendly staff. We asked a lot of questions for getting around Barcelona and they were extremely helpful. They also have a room (and great organization) where you can lock your bags up securely if needed (we checked out but were not heading to our cruise ship until late in the day). One reason we chose this hotel was the location but we did worry about the noise - there was no need to! It was quiet even with the location so close to Plaza Catalunya and Las Ramblas! I would definitely stay here again! Oh and the beds were quite comfortable!
70. Last year we went to Barcelona because we were going on a cruise. Checked the reviews about this hotel and did not regret choosing it. Very close to the Rambla, restaurants and some shopping, and bus stations. There is a Corte Ingles walking distance. Very clean and comfortable beds.
71. hotel is clean, the service is fine although variable. We stayed in a large room, well equipped with a spacious bathroom and bedroom. Dont use the rooms near the triangle especially 1st floor-the trains rumble the floor regardless if your windows are shut. dont use the laundry service unless your willing to part with more money than your clothes are worth. Overall-depends on what deal you got for your room, because despite the cons the location is very convenient.
72. What a gem of a hotel, so close to everything and such large rooms. Such good value for money and the little extras are so sweet, there are dressing gowns and new slippers awaiting in the bathroom and even lady and gentleman packs, for those little bits you might have forgotten. The hotel itself could do with lighter decoration as there are always lights on due to a lot of dark wood but that is a small price to pay. The staff are very smiley and extremely courteous, very accomodating and friendly. Well done, customer service at its best. Thank you.
73. We stayed at Regina for 3 nights after a Mediterranean cruise. The staff was excellent specially Carmen. It's location is fantastic, just a couple of blocks away from las /Ramblas, but you don't have the noisy of the crowd of Las Ramblas. However with the rooms, they are very closed to each other and at night when you come back to restetimes you can hear the conversations and noises from your neighboors. Also the doors don't close normally, you have to bang them to get them properly closed. This is really a problem, because after 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning you can hear these noices from guest leaving the hotel and you feel they are happening in your own room.Before our cruise we stayed for 2 nights at another 2 stars guesthouse, and didnot have to confront this situation.In all this is the only complaint we have, an very honest not good for what we paid. Jose L. Perez (stayed from 10-10-10 th. 10-13-10
74. Have just returned from a 2 night stay, and thoroughly enjoyed it. The location of this hotel is perfect. It's right in the centre of the city, so a perfect starting point to explore. And also very easy to get back to - all types of transport are right outside. From the moment we arrived, the staff were very helpful and efficient. The room was an unusual shape but an acceptable size. The beds were comfy. Our only complaint was being located right next to the infamous housekeeping cupboard, and therefore heard every door open and close as the staff went about their work in the early hours. To be fair, we didn't mention this to management, as we were only there for 2 nights and didn't want the hassle of changing our room. The staff were very helpful in letting us store our luggage after checking out, for nearly a whole day. Also, no free wine or chocolates in the room, as others have noted. We felt safe and secure in and outside the hotel at all times, which was nice, being 2 females. I would recommend this hotel highly.
75. Our son had to be hospitalized. We were in US & didn't speak language. Andrea, Alberto, and Rafael were unbelievable - translating with hospital, assisting in middle of night when he returned. They went above & beyond without hesitation. My son says the hotel is beautiful & great location.
76. Thank you to Mr. Sanchez for accommodating all our requests - room with balcony, early check-in, non-smoking floor. Since we also informed him that it was our anniversay, he had a bottle of Cava and chocolate covered pistachios in the room when we arrived - very classy and thoughtful touch. Thank you again. Wonderful, charming front desk staff - very helpful, friendly and well informed - most especially Raffa and Manuel. Suggested great restaurants - Cinc Sentits, Espai Sucre (dessert place), and Olive - all exquisite cuisine in the new Spanish style plus a couple of more traditional ones - Cal Pep and Cerveceria Catalunya (which we all went to and recommend highly) he also let us know what to avoid as tourist traps - helpful information anywhere you travel. Perhaps the noise problem has been addressed since talking and other noise from cleaning staff was kept to a minimum and did not bother us at all. There were double windows on the balcony which overlooked the street and so no noise penetrated from outside either. The rooms are clean, well-kept, well-stocked and had more than adequate space for two people. The bed was comfortable (as they say, when travelling, it is all about the bed) and afforded us several good nights' sleep after a long day of exploring. The hotel is centrally located between the old town (Rambla, Born and Barrio Gothic) and the new areas (Eixample) but on a quiet street. Getting to either place was so easy since all transportation was just half a block away (including the airport bus) on Plaza Catalunya, although I think Barcelona is a walking town and we highly recommend doing this. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff is very responsive and will address any of your questions and concerns in a very professional but friendly manner.
77. Very good hotel located in a quiet street less than 100 m form piazza Cataluna and the metro stop, and walking distance to the Ramblas. Spacious rooms, very good amenities. Friendly and helpful staff specially Luis at the front desk. I recommend this hotel.
78. Our first trip to Barcelona and I chose the Hotel Regina for our stay. From the initial communication with the hotel's gracious manager, José Mª Sanchez, through our checkout, the experience was outstanding. The property is located just off the Placa Catalunya which provides VERY easy access from the airport. Hop on the A-1 bus (blue) and in just minutes you are there walking a short distance to the hotel (look for the blue banner on the side of the building). Having arrived in the morning I was quite pleased after the long flight that our room was available upon arrival and check-in was very pleasant and efficient. Our 5th floor room was spacious, contemporary and very comfortable (pictures posted) and the bathroom was good sized. As previously reported here, the bedding is very comfortable. The location of rhe property is fantastic for visiting the city sites as it is an easy walk to the historic areas and La Rambla. Also, the Bus Turistic (hop on hop off service) launches from the Placa Catalunya so gettting around the city from the hotel is very, very easy. We found each staff person at the hotel eager to help, very knowledgeable and very friendly. Our travels brought us back to Barcelona for the night before our flight home and we were happy to return to the Hotel Regina for our last night. The room we had this time was an interior room and was much smaller than our initial room but was comfortable and met our needs for the night. I don't know when our travels might bring us back to Barcelona but when we return, I happily know I have a home away from home in Barcelona.
79. Stayed at the Hotel Regina again this year and was not disappointed. Great service and a surprise welcome back gift of Champagne and Chocolates. I do not know if they do this for everyone, not that I'm special, but a neat surprise. The entire staff went over backwards to make our stay excellent.
80. Hotel Regina is well situated just off the hustle and bustle of Las Ramblas, but close enough. Staff was very professional and helpful. We had a very late flight the evening of our check-out and they took care of our 4 large suitcases until we were ready to leave. Beds were comfortable and bathroom toiletries were well appointed, including robes and slippers. The sink in the room was not the best idea in the floor plan. Overall, a good hotel. Many options for breakfast near by since hotel breakfast was overpriced. The rooms could use some refurbishing as wear and tear can be seen. Not a very big deal though.
81. My family of 4 stayed in a family room for 3 nights from 8th October. The room was very large and clean with very comfortable beds. The position of the hotel was excellent as it is situated just around the corner from Plaza Catalunya with all the transport faciities and restaurants on the doorstep. On arrival we found that my daughter had left her mobile phone in the taxi ... but i would like to thanks the hotel staff for their help and consideration as they offered and helped us with trying to get the phone back. (Thankfully, we did manage to contact the finder and get it back). We did not have breakfast at the hotel as the price of 16 euros per person seemed expensive (a family of 4 costing 64 euros). However, there were plenty of places close by which were great for breakfast at reasonable value. The hotel went to great lengths to ensure that we had a great stay for our Wedding anniversary. Thank you Mr Sanchez .. we loved your hotel and your kind hospitality and I would certainly stay there again when we return and would recommend it to others. Thanks !
82. My daughter and I stayed here on a sight seeing trip to Barcelona. We found the Hotel to be centrally located, easy access to Catalunya Square, from where you can visit most of the tourist sites. Our room, was large, good bathroom, only downside was that it faced buildings at the back of the Hotel. No view. Room was clean and adequately furnished for a few days stay. Bedside rug did need a good steam clean!! Trendy looking, comfortable bar, though on a Monday night this was very, very, quiet. After leaving for the airport, we discovered we'd left a mobile phone in the bedroom. On contacting Reception from the airport, we luckily heard it had been found and would be posted back to us. It arrived safe and sound 2 weeks later. Many, many thanks to those concerned at Reception. Would recommend this Hotel, but ask for a room with a view and a little iron balcony.
83. Since we already found a quad room at Saint James Albany Hotel in Paris, I wanted to get another one in Barcelona, Spain. And I found it at the Regina Hotel. The location is conveniently located without the noise of Las Ramblas but walking distance to everything else. It was the perfect location. It even had white bathrobes for the four of us. I felt like I was in the privacy of my own home. Talk about making you feel at "home!" Try to find out which days they have a discount and plan your trip around it if your dates are flexible. Their breakfast is not included in the room rates but be adventurous and eat out. It's also cheaper to eat the breakfast buffet outside. Barcelona is a party city. You can't be bored here. People are very friendly. The hotel staff was so accommodating with our requests. They will do everything they can to help you with your questions. I'd strongly recommend this hotel especially if there's 4 of you and you want to share the cost. You will have the time of your life here. Also, don't forget to eat your churros with hot choclate or you'll be sorry. We wondered if there's a buffet for dinner in Barcelona and yes there is. If you love meat....it's a feast! And sangria accompanies every meal. You will love this place. Don't miss Monserrat up in the mountains. Just take the train and ask the hotel staff how to get there. Be careful with the pickpocketers. They can spot the tourists who wears their shorts.
84. Location is fabulous! Get the aerobus from the airport and the hotel is literally a few minutes walk from Place Catalunya (head for the street with Habitat on the corner). Our room was small but very clean and well decorated. Bathrobes and slippers were provided and the toiletries were very good. We booked direct with the hotel and I advised them that it was my husband's 40th birthday - on our first night, a complimentary bottle of Cava was delivered to our room! This was a total surprise and such a lovely gesture - thank you Hotel Regina! The reception staff were also very helpful when we made enquiries about the Metro system. I wouldnt even consider looking for another hotel in Barcelona
85. We stayed at the Hotel Regina for two nights after returning to Barcelona on our cruise ship. The best part about this hotel is location, location, location... The hotel is located a half-block from the central Plaza Cataluna (spelling ?) and one block from the Las Ramblas district. A subway station, the Aero bus stop (direct to Barcelona airport) and the multi-story Corte de Ingles department store are at the plaza. Located on a side street, the hotel avoids much of the street noise common to other hotels in the area. Our 5th floor room was spacious, clean and had a small balcony overlooking the street. We appreciated the 5 computers which were available for use by guests. The hotel's full-service bar also served delicious tapas and small plate options. A breakfast buffet -- available for about 13 euros ($17 US) -- offered a nice array of food and beverage options. There was no valet service -- at least no one offered to help us move 2 large bags from the sidewalk to our room. The front desk staff spoke good English and made several useful suggestions on where to eat and where to go. Given its central location, this hotel provides an excellent value for travelers. Not an especially romantic setting.
86. We stayed at the Regina for two nights in late June. We had a double room, (2 beds), our children and grandchildren had a quad room (4 beds). The hotel is right off Plaza Catalyuna and the main thoroughfare Las Ramblas. It was quiet (except for the night that Spain won the world cup), the rooms were modern, clean and beautiful. Bathrooms were crisp and clean. The complimentary bathrobes were a plus. Their small bar is quiet and perfect to relax in after a day of sightseeing. They will arrange for sandwiches and small meals upon request. The internet is free, with 3 provided computers. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, answering our questions and providing taxi calls and restaurant recommendations. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms fairly large. Although not inexpensive, it compares very favorably with any 4 star hotel in New York City...indeed the rooms are larger and cleaner. We would be happy to use this hotel again.
87. The room was simple but comfortable for the four of us (two teenagers 15 and 13). The beds were GREAT!!! The room temperature perfect. The room was clean. At night, it was quiet even though we were footsteps from loud Las Ramblas Street. It was an ideal location. Starbucks around the corner.........Las Ramblas around the other corner.........Hop on Hop off tour bus a block away. Close to restaurants, shopping and sight seeing. Quick cab ride to the ship - it was perfect for our needs. Would recommend without hesitation.
88. Good location right at the top of ramblas. The staff were very dismissive, but I think that was the language barrier because they had very poor English and tourist skills!, Not much else to say really! Try somewhere else if you want good help with touristy stuff.
89. We stayed for 4 nights in August for first time Barcelona tourism, which entitled to us to a long stay discount (probably regarded as quite expensive otherwise). The location is very good - Passeig de Gracia where the renfe trains from airport connects is very close, and perfectly located by the Placa Catalunya for walkable access to both the new town (for Gaudi architectures) and the old town (for catedral and la rambra) and restaurants are great. Staff were capable of speaking English but occasionally difficult to communicate - otherwise very friendly and helpful. Good selection was provided for breakfast and the fact that it was available from 7-12 was very handy. 3 computers available in the lounge for free access to internet was useful too. The rooms were generally modern, simple and clean, and the beds were comfortable but quite small and bathrooms were somewhat moldy... Something I wouldn't have expected from four star hotel. We were also allocated a disabled facilitated room which was more inconvenient to get around, let alone it was already small, because of the extra handles etc. Also beware of the thin walls - you can hear the people next door and the movements in the corridor. Good enough if you just need a comfortable bed to sleep in after a long day of walking,
90. Stayed here for one night at the end of a 3 week trip to Spain. Staff at the reception desk were helpful with any requests or questions. However, I had booked a double room in advance, and confirmed it was a double at check-in, but when I got to the room, it was a twin. When I phoned reception to see what was going on, they told me that a booking for a double room is only treated as a REQUEST for a double. Huh??? Hotel Regina & I obviously have different concepts of what a confirmed booking is. They did find a double room for me, so it was all fine after that. Free internet access in the business centre near the hotel bar was great. Overall, I don't have any complaints about the hotel, but nor is it one I would rave about. Perfectly adequate sums it up.
91. I had heard not to expect much from the hotels in Europe. Well I can tell you that is not the case with the Hotel Regina. Renting the Superior room was as good as any in America. The rooms were spacious with king sized bed; new and modern baths; remodeled rooms; very relaxing lobby bar and great location...Just a block off of the Rambles. And, not a horrible price. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona.
92. A friend of mine and I stayed at the Hotel Regina for 3 days in August. The rooms were clean and spacious (something unexpected after we had just come from Paris). The best part of the hotel may be the location. It's a block away from Placa Catalyuna (where the Aerobus is located), shopping, and Las Ramblas. If you don't have to pay full price for a room (we used a expedia vacation package and got it for cheap) then it might be one of the best deals in Barcelona!
93. As with previous reviews, the location was great. RIght off of La Rambla, close to shopping (el Corte Ingles) and the metro. The staff and service was all great. We had a triple room and it was beautiful, modern...but the bathroom was a real dissappoinment. A hotel of this caliber (and price) I would have liked a nicer bathroom/shower. The tub/shower door was so short that the minute you turned on the shower, water gets all over the bathroom. Plus, the rubber seal at the bottom the short shower door was nonexistant so water would hit the glass and go right out all over the floor. It was no wonder there was a drain in the middle of the bathroom floor and 2 shower mats provided! I'm positive it wasn't user error as you can see mold growing along the edges of the bathroom floor. Considering the price we paid per night...this was a real dissappoinment and I can only rate it average.
94. Stayed in the hotel for one night for sightseeing in Barcelona. Room 220 spacious, big bed seperate area with day bed/3rd bed. Immaculate bathroom, bathrobes etc. & soooo quiet. Dare I have a tiny complaint, diffuculty getting BBC World on the plasma to catch up on the Credit news at home. Otherwise the Hotel scored 11 out of 10
95. We stayed at the Regina during 2 nights for a week-end getaway for my 45th birthday early Sept. In all, this hotel is OK and what you would expect of a 4 star city hotel. Nothing special but nice design. Husband, myself and our teenage daughter shared a 'family room'. It was spacious and nicely decorated with modern dark wood furniture. We were pleasantly surprised that we did not hear the traffic - the hotel is located right in the middle at the top of La Rambla and therefore quite a lot of traffic noise. However, inside, the hotel is very poorly insulated. We were unlucky to have the cleaner's cupboard just outside our room and at 07:00 in the morning we heard everything they did and said ... very annoying! There is a 1.5 cm gap under the door which makes anything said in the corridor like if said inside your room. While fully equipped with bathrobes, slippers, toiletries, towels etc for 3 people (which is good, you usually have to remind housekeeping of the third person), we thought the bathroom was very small and the double sink next to the bed was weird. Since the bathroom/room obviously had been remodelled, it would have been better to move the wall across and include the sinks within the bathroom. We enjoyed Barcelona very much. Beautiful city with lots to do and see for a week-end getaway and warm temperatures still in September. We even spent an afternoon on the beach. The sister hotel Pulitzer next door has a much nicer bar. Can be recommended. We'll probably stay at the Pulitzer next time.
96. I wanted to visit Barcelona for my Birthday weekend and as such researched a whole range of different hotels in the city. I was very impressed when I saw on the tripadvisor that the Manager of 'Hotel Regina' personally answers every review, and from looking at the hotel website decided to get into contact. All my questions were answered quickly and efficiently, which left no doubt in my mind that I wanted to stay there. On arrival, everything that I had requested was in place and the room we had been given was truly excellent, with a balcony overlooking the square. The hotel itself is in a fantastic location, just a minutes walk from the top of La Ramblas and all it has to offer. Inside, the hotel feels very modern, with nice interior design and lightning, it's certainly impressive. But what really struck me was the service, nothing seemed like too much trouble, staff were always smiling and willing to help. Ontop of all this, on the morning we were set to leave (my Birthday), the staff sent a Birthday cake to our room - Such a touch of class and something that really made a great start of the day for me - Thank you so much to all involved! Next time I go to Barcelona I will definately be staying in the Hotel Regina, I have never before experienced such high quality service and surroundings.
97. Great hotel located in the heart of Barcelona. Perfect location at one end of the Ramblas (Metro Catalunya). The service was great, the room was made ready and available before check-in time, breakfast was very nice. Truly a four star hotel (quality levels may vary among four-star hotels unfortunately). Free internet and print service in the lobby (in the other hotel, Royam Ramblas, we had to pay! ), nice bar also in the lobby. Cleanliness scored four out of five as the carpet in the hall /corridor had a few spots, but the room was large and cosy (we had a standard double) and TV had a nice selection of international / EU channels (but also CNN). We also went for the Romantic package and for 20 EUR we got breakfast for two and a bottle of Cava, it was really worth it. Breakfast was downstairs in the breakfast room so we had a full bufet not just a limited eat-in version. Cava was served the night before in the room. The swimming pool was closed for repair, but hey, we had the sea! Overall an excellent impression and I really regret that we were not able to spend all of our stay there (previous booking in another hotel). I highly recommend Regina.
98. From the moment I walked into this hotel I experienced excellent service. The check in process was quick and friendly with plenty of staff behind the desk. The room was of a good size and had the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. One small negative was the sink, which was located in the room rather than the bathroom. The TV didn’t work and when this was reported to the front desk it was remedied immediately. Drinks taken in the hotel bar are a pleasure, with friendly bar staff that can mix cocktails and long drinks with skill and a smile; nothing is too much for them. The hotel is located at the top of Las Ramblas and next to the main shopping district where all the top names have stores. I have stayed in some of the worlds top hotels and this will always sit in my top 5.
99. My husband and I stayed at the Regina for three nights in November. We were on our way to Barcelona by car when we were robbed. When we arrived at the hotel we told the staff at the front desk what happened and they were immediately helpful. They found the phone number and directions to the Canadian consulate and also walked us to the police station so that we could report the incident. They also upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge. Our room was very clean and big. The location was excellent right next to Placa Catalunia. Plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. The hotel also has a great bar and a bartender that makes a mean martini.
100. This hotel can probably go both ways depending on the person. For me, I appreciated the 1916 era architecture right away at least. The location is quite good for access to La Rambla and the old castle part of the town, about a 15 minute walk down to the seaside. The only negative aspect that I encountered was the 'thinness' of the walls, on the first day I was there I noticed I could here every source of music and loud conversation on the floor (1st floor). Luckily, any noise that did seep into the room was completely cancelled out by the unbelievably comfortable bed and bedding... I was pretty shocked by it at first, as I did not think a hotel bed would ever qualify that highly for such a price (I've stayed in a LOT of king beds at hotels all over the place and they so far have never been exceptionally mentionable). I was also suspicious that the comfort was proportional only to my exhaustion, but this proved to be unrelated during the three nights I spent there. So yes, nobody should go to Barcelona to hang out in hotel rooms anyways, so if you need a place to stay that is mid-range, I highly recommend the Regina!
