1. We enjoyed a two night break (primarily to watch the rugby!) and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was delightful and the staff couldn't really do enough for us. My wife wasn't well during our stay so we had room service for breakfast - superb. The "Grill" restaurant does need to improve it's menu - the hotel suffers from having a top of the range restaurant (very dear) and the "Grill" restaurant which only really serves basic snacks. The hotel could do with a mid-range restaurant serving pasta, steak etc to be a complete package. The walk through the park to the Spanish Steps is lovely (though not advised at night) - taxi's to and from are not too dear however. We enjoyed being a little way from the hustle of the city centre. Overall a really beautiful hotel - recommended.
2. We enjoyed very much the hotel nice swimming pool to relax after or before discovering Rome delicious breakfast and friendly concierge we were upgraded and the room we stayed in had been completely refurbished and was very comfortable the hotel is a bit far from the city centre but they have a shuttle or you take the cab not expensive around 10 euros and to my knowledge it is the only LHW in Rome which has a swimming pool
3. We stayed at the Aldrovandi Palace in May 2008 for the second time - the first time was in July 2005. Since our last visit there has been significant refurbishment and the results are fantastic! The reason for choosing the hotel again was to have a pool to relax by when we weren't sight-seeing. The pool area is lovely and the hotel provide enormous yellow towels and extremely comfortable loungers to use while sunbathing. The only downside of the pool area is that there are so many trees surrounding it you end up dodging the shade all day if you want to get a tan. There is a lot of sun though - you just need to move every now and then to stay in it. Our room was huge and had a big mirrored wall on one side which made it feel even bigger. The bathroom was enormous and we both loved it - there was a huge separate walk-in shower with a rain shower head and the whole bathroom was spotless. The hotel is expensive for "extras" - for example a 75cl bottle of water by the pool costs 6 Euros, and buffet breakfast is 33 Euros per person, but it is a 5 star hotel and the prices are no more extortionate than other similar hotels. We booked through Expedia and got a really good rate and then we minimised what we spent while we were there. It's easy enough to get water and breakfast outside of the hotel if you want to keep your costs down. Overall I would definitely recommend the hotel. It isn't cheap but it has an air of luxury about it and you get really well looked after. It's also in a nice quiet area of Rome which means you feel as though you are coming back to an oasis when you return from your sight-seeing each day.
4. Fortunate to have 3 nights on a business trip at Aldrovandi Palace. Rooms are better than average for Italy (I know it's 5 stars but anyone having been to Italy will know what I mean!) - a deserved member of the Leading Hotels of The World! Beautiful courtyard and great service. Villa Borghese is wonderful and, whilst not in the heart of the city, the hotel provides a free shuttle to the Spanish Steps for convenient walking (v close to Trevi Fountain & then 10-15min walk to the Colloseum). Not that I paid but wouldn't be cheap but would recommend for that 'special' weekend! !
5. I stated here recently for 2 nights for a weekend break in Rome with my wife. The Hotel is quite lovely inside and the suite we had was spacious, luxurious and everything you would want from a 5 star hotel. Staff were efficient but lacked any kind of friendliness, which you sometime get in upmarket hotels. The hotel is located on the far side of the Borghese gardens from the main centre of Rome i.e. the Corso, Spanish steps etc and is therefore a 25 minute walk through parkland to the crowds and site seeing areas. The walk is quite pleasant through the park but we were recommended not to do it at night. The hotel has a shuttle bus service but we didn't use this so I can't comment on it. The only questionable element to the hotel are the dining facilities. They have 2 options, the first is a Michelin star restaurant called "Baby", which looked very nice but only had a set menu when we were there that was 180 Euros per person. The other option was something called the "Grill" but it did not in fact grill anything other than sandwiches, in other words it was a fancy snack bar. Cost is a relative thing but 180 Euros per person is too pricey for us, so got a taxi into town but it might be acceptable to others, so make your own mind up. Overall a really nice place, would I return, probably not just due to the hassle of having to get taxis everywhere after dark.
6. This was our second stay in Rome and at the Aldrovandi Palace. We fell in love with Rome in August and decided to return to this wonderfully friendly hotel for New Year. The only disappointment was that the pool was closed and the outside bar area was deserted. A couple of patio heater would have been ideal for sitting out in the evening. We spent New Years Eve at the conciege's suggestion at Harry's Bar and had a wonderful and expensive evening there seeing in 2007. Fantastic!!! The hotel is fab and the conciege knowledgable and helpful, making suggestions for day trips and fab restaurants. I cannot recoomed the hotel highly enough. as a base for Rome. Yes the rooms may be small, however with all of Rome a 5 minute taxi ride away, you'll spend little time in it. The best venue for dinner in Rome is the rooftop restaurant at the Hashe view of Rome and the amazing cuisine. It'll cost you a months mortgage but you'll never forget the view of Rome at dusk and the foods fabulous. I threw a few extra euros into the Trevi fountain to make sure we return to Rome soon and when we do we'll stay at the Aldrovandi Palace.
7. the hotel itself is really a luxury hotel but there were too many things that were unacceptable: I booked a deluxe room on a high floor with pool view but got a superior room on the first floor with view on the car parking area, the TV in my room although branded Bang and Olufson did not work, the yogurt offered at the breakfast buffet was expired....
8. This was our third trip to Rome but our first with the children and our first to this hotel - but it won't be our last. Can't praise it highly enough, the staff were great - very polite and helpful and the rooms - although not overly large were well decorated and very very clean. We included the breakfast cost when booking the trip and were expecting a small continental affair, but the choice was good and included cooked aswell. The pool area, though not huge was very clean and felt suprisingly secluded, with pool attendants always on hand to provide you with a row of sunbeds should you need them. The hotel is in a good position just across the road from the borghese gardens which are nice to walk through to get to the main attractions although the hotel shuttle offered a fast and friendly service to the centre of things should you need it (booking with the concierge the previous evening is recommended if you require a morning service). All in all we had a fabulous time and will definitely return to Rome and the Aldrovandi.
9. In making my travel plans...I discovered I was going to be "forced" to spend 4 days in Rome....... my first though was uggg Rome in August ... (I had been here a few times before staying in a private residence). So with the help of TripAdvisor I set out to find a hotel. As I had just spent a week in the mountains, 10 days by the sea I was not going to end this holiday on an unhappy note ..... the criteria for my search was .... somewhere off the park, and a swimming pool....... the result was the Alrovandi Villa Borghese .... Thank you TripAdvisor ...what a wonder experience........ the location was great ... it is either a 15 minute walk through a beautiful park or a short (free) van ride to the Spanish Stairs... the Staff was wonderful ........... Professional, helpful and even good for some laughs. My room was clean and happy and I slept very well.....and normally I am a poor sleeper. The breakfast buffet was an endless table of food ..... everything from scrambled eggs to Mozzarella, tomato and basil. The Pool and surrounding were the perfect siesta to wandering the street of Rome in the morning. I did not eat at the hotel famed restaurant Baby ...but I did eat in the Grill Room ....the food was excellent...but the menu lacked imagination ... This is a hotel for people who enjoy what is offered, so if you are on a budget, worried about money or who enjoy their holidays find faults.... you are best to go elsewhere I did lie in my title...I have one regret...not staying here longer
10. We were a little worried about previous reviews after we had booked the Aldrovandi, but there was no need to worry at all. The hotel was lovely with nice spacious rooms. The staff were excellent and very friendly. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, just what you needed for a long day ahead of sightseeing and walking. There was a courtesy car from the hotel to the centre every hour which was great. It does not matter that the hotel is out a few minutes from the centre as the courtesy car or indeed the lovely walk through the gardens to get to the centre was fine. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Rome.
11. My husband and i just got back from a 2 week vacation in Italy. We were in Rome for three nights and stayed at the Aldrovandi. It could not have been better. The staff is warm, friendly, and always ready to help you. As an example of just how helpful and accommodating they were at one point I asked (I think his name might have been Mario, not certain) if he knew where they bought the tablecloths they use in the breakfast room. I loved them and had been looking for something like them for years. He came right out from behind the desk and asked me to show him which i meant. We went upstairs so he could get a look. Then he recommended two places in Rome to try. They helped us numerous times with dinner plans, directions, really anything! Hotel Aldrovandi seems a little out of the way in that there is not much to walk to around them. The shuttle to the Spanish Steps made all the difference. They run every half hour until 10pm in both directions. I also loved the rooms. They were beautiful, clean, elegant, and the bed is comfortable which i am a stickler about. We absolutely have no complaints and only praise for this hotel and would absolutely stay there again! As an aside, make sure to check out the Borghese Gallery which is close by when you are there, you'll need reservations.
12. this 5 star hotel was rather disappointing. The pictures of the website suggest something spectacular but the reality is a bit different. location is very good, near villa borghese, and the hotel still has a "grand" image but there are sign of tiredness all around. My "superior" room (ie the more basic category) was rather small and not particularly pleasant. Actually it even had two problems: the window did not open and the toilet flush did not work properly ,so that you had to fiddle with the control to make it stop. At > 300Euro per night I think one could find something better, even in Rome when often hotel room prices verge on the absurd
13. We-wife and I-arrived in Rome late April and checked in to hotel near Spanish Steps. Unfortunately the temp in Rome was about 85 degrees F and air conditioning which had been stated as feature in website was not available until May 1.We did not feel we could sleep well on street fron with windows ope to street nois and had been flying for many hours, so called and visited the Aldrovandi where I had a reservation for 4 days later. They offered to take us that night or the next; a/c was working. We returned to first hotel and tried to get them to release us but had to pay 2 nights stay or not, so we stayed that night and moved to other next day. Aldrovandi is a great hotel with all facilities in a residential part of Rome next to Borghese Park. They have free shuttle service to the Sp. Steps each hour. Lovely outdoor pool, garden and courtyard. Breakfast was best we had in 3 weeks in Europe. Staff wonderful and had upgraded suite that was gorgeous. Was a pleasure to stay there 4 nights.
14. A classy hotel with all the trappings to befit the 5 star ‘Leading Hotels of the World’ tag. It also has prices to match though we managed to get a very good deal by booking through Alitalia. That said, breakfast (described as a ‘light buffet’) is on top of the room rate and is a deterrent €33 per person per day. There are no nearby shops or restaurants (the hotel's own is in the very top bracket both for prices and quality), but the hotel, which is at the north end of the Villa Borghese park, is not that far from the central parts of the city, and the hotel runs a free, reliable and efficient shuttle service every half hour in each direction to and from the Spanish Steps (the same journey is about €7 by taxi). This only holds 8, however, so needs to be booked ahead, and the first one into town is 10.00 a.m. Unusually for a hotel in the city the hotel has an excellent pool (though this is so well shaded it is actually surprisingly cool). Service is impeccable and very professional. The rooms are spacious, handsomely appointed, and with all you would expect at this level. We were surprised that throughout our stay we had problems with the water – we had to run it for about 10 minutes to get hot water, and most days it was either very discoloured or speckled with bits. A top class hotel, though with very high prices unless you can get a good deal, and if you want a pool without being a long way out, this is highly recommended.
15. We've just had 3 nights in this fantastic Rome hotel. The hotel is expensive but we decided to treat ourselves and by booking and paying well in advance with the Leading Hotels of the World Group we got rooms at a fraction of the rack rate. And the hotel is beatiful - very classy but not pretentious, great staff and service, great rooms and a lovely garden with a delightful swimming pool. The hotel is a liittle out of the centre which made it feel much more relaxed and a great place to return to after a hot day's sight-seeing. The hotel provides an excellent shuttle service to and from the Spanish Steps. We were on a room rate which included breakfasts which we really enjoyed - good choice and top quality. Bar drinks and room service etc was extremely expensive so we avoided buying anything extra in the hotel. The restaurant looked wonderful but the prices were very high. We might have treated ourselves had we not been with the children. However the hotel recommended a nearby restaurant which proved to be perfect - the Pagaroma. This hotel is expensive and at the top of the range but it is wonderful and made our stay in Rome an absolute delight.
16. Mario the concierge was incredibly helpful. The breakfast very morning was delicious . The shuttle to the spanish steps was so easy, not crowded, we never waited. The room was elegant, clean, and we loved the Molton Brown bath products. I can't wait to return, I was so pleasantly welcomed during my 4 night stay at the Aldrovandi,
17. We stayed there with my boyfriend for 2 nights, but even in such short period this place impressed us really a lot. First of all it has perfect location - just in the heart of Villa Borghese - in a peaceful zone, but very close to the center, just 10 min walking and you are in Piazza Spagna. The room was VERY spacious, perfectly equipped, clean, with new furniture and modern technics. We had both shower and bath, that is really comfortable. Breakfast was also included to the price and I can say that is one on the most rich breakfast I've ever seen - all food was really fresh, especially pastry and of course noone can re,ain hungry after such breakfast. For the guests of the hotel there was provided a shuttle bus that takes you every 30 min to the city center and then in evening brings you back. Probably the only thing that I would change in that hotel - is the Internet - it has a supplementary fee, but at the same time for Rome this thing is more than normal.
18. Early autumn short trip to one of the great cities. 5 star elegance here that some might find 'traditional' in style - but that I liked, as it had not succumbed to a 'contemporary' makeover. Quality finishes throughout. The main plus point of Aldrovandi Villa Borghese, in it's park setting 5 minutes Cab ride from The Spanish Steps, is it's staff. The people there are first rate and service exemplary. Reception, through to room maids: all deserve a mention. Breakfast is absolutely civilised - and the room elegant & very well run; a fine start to the day. A final thanks to Oliver Glowig and his team in the restaurant - fine dining par-excellence. A special occasion meal certainly, but gourmands should note - very good cooking here!
19. On arrival the hotel was stunning with a very friendly welcome and thorough check-in. We were personally escorted to our room, provided with all the details about the hotel and left to enjoy an excellent stay. Staff were always very happy to help with any queries we had and spoke very good English. Diran (the Lobby barman) is a great guy and made lush cocktails - highly recommended! Room was lovely - deep bath, lots of complementary toiletries, mini-bar, good tv, nice lightling, very comfy bed! Breakfast was good - usual continental style plus scrambled eggs and bacon, cereals, fresh fruit and champagne! Breakfast room overlooked a gorgeous looking swimming pool and garden terrace. Hotel was about a 25min walk (or 5 min courtesy mini-bus) away from Piazza de Spagna. We used the mini-bus throughout our stay as it was raining most of the time, which saved us a lot of money in taxi fares. Chauffeurs were always friendly and helpful. We had an absolutely fantastic time during our visit to Rome and the Aldrovandi Hotel was the cherry on the cake - superb!
20. This is a well laid out hotel in a nice setting on the edge of Borghese park. The main plus point is the helpfulness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms, the place itself is elegant looking but a bit tired now. We stayed in Feb on a 60% discount but it was still £160 a night. There were only news channels in English. There were no refreshment facilities in the rooms. The mini bar (I accept most are expensive) was outrageous 10 euros for a packet of crisps and 15 euros for a half bottle of beer etc. Whilst there is a shuttle every half hour to the spanish steps this is no good if you want to go north of the City, basically everywhere is a taxi ride. Albeit the main restuarant was closed the grill bar was rubbish, 40 euros for 2 pieces of scrawny chicken and saute ptoatoes. Wi-fi should be free but is was 9 euros a day with a download limit.
21. My wife (Nicole) and I stayed at the Aldrovandi at the end of summer and I've been meaning to post a review since. Fantastic hotel. Close to the centre. Beautiful setting. AMAZING FOOD. All round first class experience. I'm usually very picky about service, but I must say - it was exceptional. Very impressed. We'll definitely return to this hotel for both pleasure and business trips in the future. Highly recommended.
22. Elegant, special, a benchmark for when I am looking for something a bit more luxurious. The rooms were spacious, bathroom somewhere you wanted to stay ad soak for hours. Fantastic Michelin star restaurant excellent bar staff and a lovely pool ad seating area. Pool could be a bit cold so let's say if you're looking for a refreshing dip in a plunge pool this wil be it!! A bus that takes you into the centre and brings you back, means if you are tired or laden down with designer bags there is no need for the lovely walk through the famous Borghese parc and it's gardens. Choose a pool or garden view room as the ones facing the road can be a bit noisy especially if the open air club is on! Loved it and look forward to bringing him who is not so romantic with me one day to share my experience!
23. We stayed here for 5 nights and it was incredible. The room was lovely, although not much space was left after they crammed in an enormous bed. The bathroom was gorgeous with an awesome shower + lovely Molton Brown goodies. Overall, the hotel was quite formal, but still relaxing. The concierge was brilliant - every recommendation or booking was a good one. The pool area was nice, but in shade for a large portion of the day; however, the pool restaurant was lovely. Breakfast was spot on; however, the 'grill' restaurant (not the Michelin star one) was really, really poor - it felt like we were eating in someone's hall. Finally, as you would expect, mini-bar or room service charges were astronomical. Still, I would definitely return one day.
24. This is indeed a gracious hotel in a lovely setting albeit outside the city core, but in fact within a short taxi ride to most locations. If reserved in advance, you can always get their shuttle service to Via Veneto or the Spanish Steps. The refreshingly quiet loacation and their wonderful oasis, a sumptuous garden with a large pool, make this hotel unique and definitely worth it during Rome's hot summer days. The staff was 100% efficient and helpful. The breakfast buffet was ample. But the rooms, pretty as they were, are difficult to navigate with two people in the bedroom trying to move around. For us, this small inconvenience was outweighed by the other factors. RG Canada
25. Booked this place as it is one of the few hotels in Rome in our price range that had an outdoor swimming pool as along with sight seeing we wanted some R & R in the sun. Unless you seeking a hotel with a pool I would recommend you stay elsewhere. There is no way the rooms are 5 star , more like 3* we cabbed it everywhere as one walks so much in Rome seeing the sights that the extra 20 min across the park did not seem appealing. The staff were all very good service was 5* and the setting 5* but the rooms are NOT and you will be dissapointed.
26. First of all, I disagree with many of the things the dubai reviewer said about this hotel. It sounds like this reviewer has never been to places like New York City, where smallish rooms are the norm. We thought the hotel was very beautiful and our rooms were lovely. It is definitely worth it to ask for a room facing the pool/courtyard as the main road is right at the front of the hotel. It is a very expensive, old-school elegance hotel - much like the Del Coronado in California (which also has very small rooms, BTW). If you stay at a place like this, you can expect to pay a lot for everything. While we weren't exactly charging up the pool drinks and room service because of this, we still really enjoyed the beauty and elegance of the hotel. We thought the staff was very friendly, especially the doormen. The front desk staff is a little more reserved but also very helpful. The location of this hotel is the biggest downside - you can't really walk anywhere from here. If you need to find a store, take a left from the front entrance and follow the train tracks until you reach civilization - my husband and I found a great grocery store finally so we could have some snacks in our room one day. However, if I were you, I would pick up what you need before you return to the hotel. The shuttle is a nice amenity - you have to reserve your space so be prepared to take cabs if you can't get on one and are ready to go somewhere. I would recommend this hotel, but would not stay there again ONLY because of the location. It would be more fun to be on the Via Venetta or other place within close walking of Spanish steps or at least a subway stop.
27. We, a family of four, stayed at the Palace at the end of August to mark a significant birthday. A junior suite and a twin room were booked and were ready for us on arrival and next door to each other as requested. The rooms were ok despite the fact that they were on the road side of the hotel rather than the garden and were low down. But we didn't come to Rome to spend time in the rooms! A bottle of champagne and bowl of fruit in the suite were a nice touch. The noise wasn't too bad at all. But we do live in a city. As everyone agrees, the pool is great. Unbeatable to have this in the city during the summer. The pool attendants were very helpful indeed. The Concierge function was excellent. Could not have been more helpful. They recommended and booked local restaurants and the Villa Borghese and were friendly with it. I wonder if there is something about treating them with respect and friendliness? Similarly the reception staff were efficient and helpful. I did note that when a few guests acted in a superior manner the atmosphere got a little frosty. The shuttle service to the Spanish Steps is great although the walk through the park is lovely. The lift back up the hill is appreciated however. Don't forget to book it at reception in advance as it is popular. The only negative point was that the hotel restaurant 'Baby' was closed for a private wedding party one evening. Not a major burden given the good restaurants near by, but hotel restaurants should be open for guests by definition. Also breakfast is ridiculously expensive. Instead take the shuttle to the Spanish Steps and have breakfast upstairs in the cafe opposite. It has a great view of all the comings and goings on the Steps. Not a cheap place to stay, but we concluded that it was worth the money and we would definitely stay there again.
28. First class treatment all the way As we arrived early they let us check in and gave us details on the facilities and major sites of Rome Our room was given a complimentary upgrade and when we returned in the evening there was a complimentary bottle of wine All the staff went out of their way to be helpful and the service was top class in the restaurant As we were leaving for the airport late in the afternoon the hotel gave us a late checkout and provided changing facilities to enable us to use the pool area I stay in hotels quite a lot and although not cheap this hotel has excellent customer service and staff
29. The reason that led me to choose the Aldrovandi Villa Borghese is the unique location. The hotel is located just in front of Villa Borghese so you don´t have any pollution or noise from the traffic. In order to reach the center you have to option : you can use the shuttle service which is offered complimentary and takes you directely to the Spanish Steps or you can take a 15 minutes walking through Villa Borghese Gardens. I got a wonderful Deluxe Room with a nice view over the park , the room size was quite huge with a stunning marble bathroom featuring a Mirror TV. Another plus of the room was the Minibar filled up with the most delicious snacks and beverages. It is very rare to find such an outstanding selection. I stayed 2 nights and I had enough time to soak up the sun in the beautiful garden with a nice swimming pool. From the swimming pool I had the chance to see the terrace of the gourmet restaurant Oliver Glowig so I´ve asked to the waiter to give me a menu and I found the menu very tempting with a resonable price. So I have booked a table for my mother and I for the same night and we got a real unique gourmet experience. The food was delicious, the atmosphere amazing and also the courtesy of the staff was a plus. I had the chance to meet the chef Oliver Glowig because apparently he greeds personally each guest that come to his restaurant. Very kind!! We had the chance to experience also the lavish buffet breakfast which has been served served in a very bright veranda overlooking the swimming pool. I have also to mention the courtesy of the Concierge that took great care of us recommending the best places to go in town. It was a real unique experience and I am looking forward to go back very soon next Spring! !
30. A lovely hotel with a fabulous pool and 2 Michelen stars in the restaurant. The setting is unique and one of the best pools in Rome city. There's a shuttle bus every half hour to the Spanish steps so you're on via Condotti in minutes. The rooms are very luxurious and comfortable. The only negative - the breakfast room doesn't do this hotel any favours and is out of keeping with the rest of the hotel.
31. We were greeted warmly on our arrival at the Aldrovandi on a steaming August afternoon. The charming Patrick escorted us to our lovely adjoining rooms on the third floor. Flinging open the shutters we encountered the most delightful view of the gardens and pool. Aware of the late hour and some of the comments I had read on Tripadvisor I enquired as to the possibility of a swim, and was delighted to hear that the pool is open 24 hrs, the only caveat being, there are no pool attendants after 7pm and so you need to take your own towel down with you if you wish to swim after that. Whilst the kids cooled off in the pool, which they had completely to themselves, we sat in the wonderful shaded gardens sipping chilled Pinot Grigio and nibbling on the complimentary pizzatinis. The surroundings really are exquisite, and exactly the situation in which you would like to find yourself, after a tiring day. The only problem we encountered during our stay was the difficulty in tearing ourselves away from this little Oasis to get down to the serious business of sightseeing! The complimentary shuttle bus was excellent, leaving every hour and dropping off at the foot of the Spanish Steps. They also pick up from here at 25 past the hour. I also thoroughly recommend strolling through the Villa Borghese gardens which is a lovely way to start the day and takes no longer than twenty minutes if you don't stop along the way. The concierge were absolutely first class throughout our stay,really helpful with information and restaurant reservations. Whilst there we celebrated our sons 18th birthday and on returning to our rooms that day they had supplied a beautifully presented tray of chilled champagne and petit four and a birthday card. The restaurant they recommended, Osteria d'Antiquaria, was superb and they even arranged a Birthday cake ! If you are planning a trip to Rome during the summer months I really can't recommend The Aldrovandi Palace highly enough.
32. My husband and I ended a 3 week European holiday with a 5 day stay at the Aldrovandi. This hotel truly earns its five star rating. The building and decor are coolly elegant, modern yet richly Italian in design and "feel". Both the public spaces and the rooms were immaculately clean and well-maintained. They offer a wonderful turn down service in the evenings that makes you feel even more catered to. The breakfast buffet was simply amazing - abundant, varied and delicous food, beautifully presented and offered with gracious, attentive service. Speaking of service, I can't say enough about the staff - we Americans could learn alot from the studying the staff - at all levels - at this hotel. The concierge Mario was especially helpful, professional and just incredibly service-oriented. The shuttle service was great and being out of the wonderful but chaotic center of Rome was very relaxing as was staying in the midst of the beautiful Borghese Gardens. Also, we totally enjoyed the outdoor spaces, which were not at all for exclusive use of guests of Baby, contrary to another reviewer's comment, and we were able to use the shuttle service whenever we needed/wanted it.
33. This hotel is old first of all, so are the rooms that feel like a three star or poor 4 star. We've paid the price as it was a top 5 star which made my dissapointment with the hotel bigger. Staff is...hm...ok, some of them. The great restaurant within the hotel did not work and we have had to use the hotel one. The waiters did not want to put 2 tables together for our group of 12 eve there was nobody else at the restaurant - they did not want to disturb other non visible guests???? We ended up (our comapny CEO and Regional Director actually) putting the tables together so we can sit. then they went out of wine we drunk, service oh my god not good. Not to forget that we have called once from the city to cancell dinner as we wanted to stay out and then we've changed our mind and called within next 5 minutes that we will not cancell. The receptionist or whoever picked up actually screamed at my colleague that this cannot be done and they've refuesed our dinner! Ended up in a great restaurant in the city afterwards which was even better then the lousy hotel restaurant. Everything we asked was a problem, but even if it was I do not see why to tell it in front of the guest???? It was witner so we did not try the pool although it looks nice. I did not notice a great location ecuase simply everything was far. I would NOT reccomend this hotel for the price they ask for and I would not go bac there if I was in Rome.
34. I stayed for 2 nights at Aldrovandi Palace in November and loved the refurbishment. The Lobby is gorgeous and the rooms are fantastic, they even have TVs in the bathrooms. Regarding the location, it is a very quiet place and just a few minutes with the transfer from the Spanish Steps. By the way, transfer is gently provided by the hotel every half hour which helps a lot. The restaurant is amazing, I had a wonderful dinner with a view of the beautiful garden the Hotel has. Breakfast was delicious, all the Hotel Staff definitely made our stay more enjoyable,everyone is very charismatic. I strongly recomend this Hotel and I will definitely stay there again during my next trip to Rome!
35. My partner and I stayed at the Aldrovandi Palace for 6 nights and I can honestly say it was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. It is a little out of the way however the hotel has a shuttle bus that takes you to the Spanish steps and picks you up. From there you can catch the metro to all the main sites which I would advise doing as taxi's are very expensive. There is also a tram stop outside the hotel which is handy. We booked a king size room however we were given a room with two single beds pushed together. We asked to be moved and we were straight away. They upgraded us to a superior room as they were fully booked. This room was lovely, it had a very big bathroom and massive bed and it even had a TV in the bathroom mirror. Some of the staff were a little abrupt at times but I think its just the way they are. The majority of them couldn't have been more helpful. I'm not one for name dropping but a guy named Alessio was especially helpful and genuinely interested in how we were spending our days. We had breakfast included which was good as the food and drink was VERY expensive (a bottle of water was 7 euros). It was very nice and the waiting staff were great. The coffee is EXCELLENT! The main thing that was good about this hotel was that it had a swimming pool, so of an afternoon after a long day of sightseeing it was nice to just chillout. They give you a cushion for the sunbeds and a towel which made it even more relaxing. All in all we had a fantstic time however bare in mind it is expensive. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing little hideaway in a touristy place.
36. I spent a lovely romantic getaway at the Aldrovandi Villa Borghese. The atmosphere is very cosy and intimate. I experienced a silent and discrete elegance and luxury service. Enjoyed especially the garden with exotic plants and flowers, i ordered a glass of champagne rose surrounded in a magical atmosphere. This was the first perfect drink before dinner. I ate at the Oliver Glowig, the restaurant of the hotel, the food was delicious we stayed there till sooo late. Our room was on the third floor very quiet clean and comfortable
37. The Aldrovandi Palace is luxury hotel abutting Villa Borghese. The service staff are friendly and helpful. While my husband attended business meetings, I toured the city, with much guidance from the concierge. The hourly shuttle to the Spanish Steps makes it easy to get to the heart of Rome and see all the sites you go to Rome to see. The magnificent Borghese Gallery is a short walk from the hotel. The room was lovely, comfortable and clean. The lobby bar is quite pleasant, as are its servers. Our meal at Baby was exquisite. The price for breakfast is admittedly steep, but that seems to be the norm at most top-notch hotels, including those in the United States. Taxis in Rome are expensive, but the shuttle helps allay that cost. Several in our group departed at the same early hour for the flight home so the hotel arranged for a mini-bus, which was there promptly at 6 a.m. and got us to the airport in plenty of time. All in all, staying at the Aldrovandi Palace made my husband's business trip seem less like work and made my Roman holiday very special.
38. Very nice hotel ,frendly service-minded staff from the doorman,concierge,reception,bar,restaurant,breakfast-staff,houskeeping ,everybody is doing an exellent job.Nice big rooms,very nice bathrooms,lovely breakfast including sparkling wine!We could not try the Michelin star restaurant, we had our baby with us on the visit. Lovely pool area ,could not try too early not warm enough. Shuttle service to the Spanish steps every half our ,is a very nice service!! We will come back next time , to Aldrovandi ! !
39. I do not generally comment on hotels, but this superb, newly refurbished - all in sparkly Italian marble hotel - inspired me to write a review! My teenage daughter and I have just returned from a five day stay at the Aldrovandi Palace . I booked after reading the various reviews on internet and I'm pleased to confirm that it was an excellent choice. One of the best aspect of the hotel is the service. From the doorman to the room service personnel, everyone was so friendly and professional. The service is personal and seamlessly attentive, the rooms are spotless and are experience worth. Giuseppe at concierge and his inside advices are impressed in my mind. Bedrooms offer supreme comfort, with stylish furniture. Advanced technology includes controlled air conditioning and Bang & Olufsen TV sets. The breakfast offered a fine selection of warm and cold food, fruit and a traditional Italian pastry. The breakfast room is absolutely gorgeous. Best restaurant in the city! The suits are not huge, but the garden and the swimming poll beats all in Rome . Free shuttle service, made my daughter happy, because it was vital for her frequent shopping excursions near Piazza di Spagna. Its palm garden and the Sorentino coast cuisine in the heart of Rome emphasises the holyday mood . It is within a walking distance of Villa Giulia, where my daughter and me enjoyed in of the most remarkable masterpieces of Etruscan art. Simply wonderful!
40. Myself and my husband have just returned from a wonderful couple of days in Rome. We stayed at the Aldrovandi Palace Hotel. It was fantastic, it had a sense of old world grandeur. The staff were very welcoming and spoke excellent English. Our rate which we booked through Otel.com included breakfast and it was excellent. I would advise getting a taxi from the airport if there is more than one as its much quicker and works out roughly the same as a train and taxi. We took three Angel Tours. The First to the Vatican was fantastic we had an Irish guide called Anne Marie she was brillant. The second tour was the Heart of Rome, it was good but unfortunately the Pantheon was closed unexpectately so the tour was cut short. The Third tour we took was to the Colesseum and Roman Forum we were the only two people on the tour it was great - a private tour! I can't say enough for Angel Tours, take one you won't be disappointed.
41. Absolutely pleasant stay! Walking across the park about 10 minutes is even better then staying in the very centre! The rooms are very cleen and stylish! More then that inside you'll find Bang@Olufsen TV system, wall-size mirrow, mirrow with TV(!) in the bathroom. Service is at it's best. Can definately recommend this hotel!
42. The Aldrovandi Palace hotel has been the right choice: 4 days with my boyfriend to relax and discover Rome. Located in a chic area of Rome but still 10 min walking from Spanish Steps and the rest of the historical city center, the hotel offers even a shuttle service up to late hours to the center and back. The service was great, very kind and helpful personnel, the room was stunning with a great bathroom (TV in the mirror too!!). Moreover the hotel has a peaceful and chic swimming pool to relax, where a great garden bar serves fresh and tasteful lunches. On top of this, in the hotel you can dine at one of the best restaurants of the city "Baby", with Michelin starred chef Alfonso!! Great stay, hope to be back soon...the hotel was so good that it was really hard to get out and visit the city! !
43. We returned from a week stay in Rome Italy.Our accommodations were at the Aldrovandi Palace. We were treated like king and queen. staff was amazing. Service was awesome, restaurant over the top awesomeChef Oliver Wolig meals were amazing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Rome.
44. We stayed only 2 nights but managed to enjoy every aspect of this fine hotel. The staff was most helpful to our every request and made the four of us feel special. We particularly enjoyed the staff at the main floor restaurant and bar as they were very warm and engaging while being very professional as they served our food and drink. We think anyone wishing to be in the Villa Borghese local would do well to stay here.
45. We arrived on the 14th of October and the driver took us to a very nice green area (Borghese Gardens) where the Aldrovandi is located (ten minutes walk from the Hotel to Piazza del Popolo and shuttle service all day long to Piazza Spagna). The Hotel is a Palazzo, we stayed in a very nice suite with views of the pool and gardens, classic style mixed with plasma and bang & olufsen music equipment (nice blend). Casual pool restaurant was good and the Baby (1 Michelin star) was beyond expectations in service, food quality, presentation and wines (10/10). During dinner we were introduce to the Chef Alfonso Iaccarino who also has a 3 Michelin Star Restaurant called Don Alfonso in Sant Agata (Amalfi). Concierge and reception were very reliable and can't tell you anything about the breakfast due that we just had cappuccinos in the room every morning. I recommend to go at least once to Mario in Via delle Vite, great food, service and ambience (lunch or dinner). Don't miss the Vatican museum but spend your money in getting a proper guide and be there at 7:30 am, you will be able to enter at 8:00 am and visit the Sistine Chapel with no more than 10 people (when we crossed it again at 11:00 to go to St. Peter's Basilic, there were more than 400 people easily). Ciao Italia, we will be back! Carlos and Natalia
46. We stayed here for 5 nights and loved every instant. Fine blend of friendliness and hospitality professionalism. Everyone is alert and eager to provide you with a great vacation experience. This hotel is simply beautiful. Our room was elegant, airy and spacious. Marble bathroom is perfectly equipped. We were also lucky to experience the culinary delights of the 2 star Michelin rated Chef de Cuisine Gastronomique, Oliver Glowig. Food and service were absolute delight. Service was just impeccable, in every part of this magnificent marble hotel. Kudos! I am already booking another stay for April.
47. Ihave tried for two week to get a reservation to take advantage of their special to a 4th night free. It would be less expensive going direct so I have not booked with expedia. I have tried for two weeks without a returned e-mail and none have come back. I want to stay here since I am traveling with my 11 year oild son and would like to take advantage of the pool.The e-mails have not been returned so it must be the staff that is ignoring the request. You can see when someone is online and they have chosen to neglect my inquiry.
48. My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights recently in June 2011. We chose this hotel because we wanted luxury accommodation and an opportunity to relax at a pool. We were not disappointed at all. This is a wonderful hotel located on the outskirts of the tranquil Villa Borghese gardens. It is a short cab ride of a few minutes to any of the attractions in Rome. Staff were friendly and helpful and particularly Mario at the front desk Rooms are large and bright and the pool and gardens are a wonderful retreat after a day of hectic touring in the heat. The rooms and gardens are quiet and peaceful Food prices are way way up there so we did not eat in the restaurant although it is apparently one of the finest in Rome. Breakfast was included and was excellent. Would definitely stay here again particularly in the summer months.
49. We've just returned from a wonderful four day break in Rome, staying at the Aldrovandi. If you’re looking for the modern, ultra-hip five star experience there are plenty of options in this great city, the Exedra, the Aleph etc. But if you want the five-star European luxury hotel done like it used to be then you could so a lot worse than the Aldrovandi. When I’ve stayed in Rome before it’s always been in the city centre but one of the best things about this lovely hotel is the fact that you’re about 4-5 minutes taxi ride from the tumult of Roma, on the outskirts of the Villa Borghese. The hotel runs an hourly shuttle to the Piazza del Spagna. But we either took taxis or enjoyed the 20 minute walk across the park- either to the Spanish Steps or to the Piazza del Popolo, enjoying the incredible views over the city before descending into the piazza. I can honestly say we couldn’t fault the service at the Aldrovandi- from check in to check out. The concierges were unfailingly helpful, suggesting and reserving restaurants. Some of the other comments here about rude or difficult staff could not be more different from our experience. Our room was on the small size but incredibly comfortable (with a park view) and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was good- maybe a little lacking in variety but fine. I can’t comment on the restaurant- Baby- as we ate out every night. One example of the Aldrovandi’s service sums up why we enjoyed it so much. Our key was exactly that- a metal key on a heavy red tassel which we handed in every morning to the concierge, to be retrieved by him as he saw us come through the door, ready to hand over to us with a Buona Sera!
50. I've stayed @ this hotel three times in the past several years. Initially, I overlooked the staff's condescending & pompous attitude but have finally decided that I've had enough! On my most recent visit, I made multiple requests for information about a nearby museum as well as the operating hours of a special exhibit at the Villa Borghese---all that I rec'd were excuses & empty promises that someone would provide me w/the information 'later today'---this continued for 3 days in a row! In addition, the hotel's 'complimentary' Van service to & from the Spanish Steps was extremely disappointing & frustrating: reservations are required for this service due to the limited number of seats available. The process actually turned into a fierce competition among the Guests--each of whom were vying for the small number available seats for each trip. On two occasions, we were forced to pay for a 'taxi' to take us to the Spanish Steps since the Van was full hours in advance...and the front desk refused to reimburse us for our expense! There are many other hotels in Rome that offer exceptional accommodations, are in more convenient locations, provide outstanding service & sincerely appreciate their clientele...I will no longer patronize a hotel where I am treated so poorly.
51. I stayed at the Aldrovandi sadly for just one night. The way we were received was marvelous. We felt great, so much more after a very long flight. They were expecting us with beautiful rooms and a bottle of wine. It is situated in the middle of the park, surrounded by green lush. And quite near the piazza Spagna by a minivan that runs every half an hour from and to the hotel. Just a 5' trip. Very recomendable!
52. Some months ago I was planning to make a romantic trip with my wife in Rome. A friend of mine suggested my wife to organize our second honeymoon at Aldrovandi Palace. I must say that he was right. Incredible hospitality, wonderfull service, lovely room, friendly staff, fantastic atmosphere......what else ! If you're looking for the best. Aldrovandi Palace is simply the best !
53. I would like to thank all the management staff and the on duty team. I had a wonderfull experience at the Aldrovandi Palace, everybody so friendly and eager to help. The courtesy service provided to the spanish steps, turned out to be marvellus.After a full day of wonderfull sight seeing and shopping, the van took our bags back to the hotel, and we stayed to have dinner in the area.Speaking of dinner, our first night at the Aldrovandi we had dinner at BaBy restaurant, it was simply divine! Aldrovandi Palace is full of sun shine and charisma, beautiful decor, excellent service.A very happy customer from Brazil! Ciao.
54. Wonderful hotel. As noted by others, the rooms are a little small. But they contain everything necessary for comfort. The staff do all they can to help, including calling our restaurant to say we were running late, finding vases and helping to trim flowers, offering to show us various rooms we might find comfortabe. The breakfast buffet is fantastic and set us up for the day. The free shuttle, every 15 minutes, to and from the Spanish Steps was a huge help. The only suggestion I would make is this: When we went the hotel was far from full and it seemed obvious that the better rooms on the higher floors were probably unoccupied. It would have been smart for the hotel to offer free upgrades to these rooms, as many hotels would have done.
55. caught a shuttle from the airport for 35 Euro, looks good from the outside nice introduction and induction to sign in and shown ton room. this was below standard for a 5* room, we had to ask 3 times for pillows and 20min wait for ice. vanity kit was empty every day in the bathroom. no complimentary water in the room and no free wifi, but there is a free business center for 30mins. the bar man is very good but the hotel lacks stock, they don't have a lot or ingredients for drink and we asked for one that was on the menu and couldn't do it as well as a mojito. on a brighter note the food is amazing from BABY (1 Michelin star) as well as the grill. pool area is nice however not much privacy we did have to get our own sun bed mats and request towels, the guy seemed to only bring them over as an when he felt like. i was over charged as we left i will check this with them soon.
56. A beautiful hotel with a classy lobby entrance. The hotel is away from the main city centre which is nice and its a short taxi ride away when needed. The staff were excellent, very helpful, friendly and polite. It cetainly made a bug difference to my stay and would be the reason why i would stay here when i visit rome again. Rooms are lovely, comfy beds and good amenities. Great place to stay and recommend this to business and leisure travellers.
57. I am so happy to see that others have enjoyed the Aldrovandi as much as we always have. We have visited many hotels in Italy and always look forward to going back to the Aldrovandi. It has two great attractions for us, namely location and staff. The location supplies peace and quiet and enough space for gardens and a pool, yet handy for the centre. It might not appeal to anybody wanting to be plunged into the thick of thing in the Rome Centre, but for us it is marvelous to return to a warm welcome after a day of intensive shopping and sight-seeing. The hourly shuttle is a boon, & a taxi from the centre should be about 10 Euros (or a little more at night). The walk via the Borghese Gardens is only 20 mins or so, but I wouldn't recommend it after dark . The gardens/zoo also make for a lovely early morning walk if (like me) you are up an hour before your partner has finshed her "toilettte". Contrary to some earlier comments, we have always found the staff to be welcoming, cheery and very helpful. Whilst they retain a small degreee of formality as becomes a 5* hotel, they are still more friendly than any other hotel I have stayed at. Can't wait to go back!
58. the hotel is well located next to Borgese Villa park, and 5-minute cab drive to the city center (Paizza del Spagna and Piazza del Popolo). The hotel has a free shuttle that leaves every 30 minutes, which is an excellent arrangement. i had two connecting rooms which are good for the family. Rooms are clean, traditional in style, cleaned well. Molton Brown toiletries. The staff is friendly and speaks English. You will find most of the TV channels at most world languages. Breakfasts are superb. One thing to look out for is air conditioning which is switched off in late autumn. make sure you ask for the room that faces the courtyard, otherwise you will find it noisy with having to open your windows.
59. What we sought was simply a home base in Rome while we overcame jet lag and prepared for a two-week Italian auto tour. We were neither pleasantly surprised, nor disappointed, finding a moderately priced small room, professional staff and a delightful pool scene smack in the middle of Rome's Central Park West! The best and most expensive rooms are on the inside, facing the pool, while we stayed on the ground floor facing a busy street . But if you are going to splurge, do so at the new Lungarno Portrait Suites hotel, which we admired on a brief look-see. On the plus side, this hotel is directly across from the Borghese Gardens (which will prove a sublime treat to all who go there for a morning jog) and the short walk to the car rental outlet best situated for leaving this hectic city, the Borghese Gardens garage or the Parioli Hertz location on via Bruno Buozzi.
60. All aspects of our stay at the Aldrovandi were excellent - from the elegant and spacious rooms, the helpful and accommodating staff to the delicious breakfast. The location on the Borghese Gardens means that the setting is peaceful yet still only a short drive from the centre of Rome - or a leisurely walk through the park. Well worth a return visit.
61. My husband and I spent an enjoyable week at the Aldrovandi Villa in mid October. The hotel was very lovely, the staff gracious and our suite spacious. The room was cleaned thoroughly during the day and freshened in the evening. The bathroom was large with double sinks, Molton Brown toiletries and a fine bath/shower combination. All staff, including the front desk, concierge, bar, restaurant and the shuttle driver was accommodating. The hotel is by the Borghese gardens and museum and hence is in a quiet location.
62. I selected this Hotel because of its proximity to the Galleria Borghese and the Galleria Nationale d'Arte Moderne e Contemporanea. On the plus side it is close to the wonderful, peaceful parklands. It is ,however, one of the noisiest hotels I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. Despite my requesting a quiet room some weeks in advance, when I arrived I was told there were none left. They offered to move me to a quieter room the next night. This did not happen. I spent three nights listening to continual traffic. When I complained I was told that they could do nothing! This Hotel should be honest about the noise levels. Unless you go to bed in a drunken stupour you will find this a noisy hotel. The rooms were obviously decorated 20 years ago and are in need of a make over. The showers are hand held and weak. Don't rely on the hairdryer, it would be quicker drying your hair out the window. The Hotel has a wonderful pool and outdoor area, away from the street. The food is expensive 16 Euros for a plate of broth! It has a strangely named restaurant called " Baby", which produces good food at a price and a grill room that offers expensive snacks/drinks. One can take a leisurely stroll through the wonderful parklands nearby to Via Veneto. There are some wonderful Restaurants off Via Veneto. I would recommend Papa Baccus Restorante in Via Toscania. Despite the interesting English spellings on the menu the food is excellent. This street is behind the Marriott. The Aldrovandi Palace is a a noisy faded beauty manned by bemused staff. Unless you like to sleep on the street, I would give this place a miss!
63. We went to Rome, my husband and I last July 2010. We ended up at the Aldrovandi Villa Borghese which is a Leading Hotels of the World, at the beginning I was a bit concerned about my choice it was our anniversary and I really wanted to surprise my husband and make him feel better cause he is working a lot. I really did not expect all the attention they gave us during our stay. As soon as we entered in the room (very nice room, large with nice view and lots of natural light) we found a nice bottle of champagne with bon bons and a greeting from the director of the hotel. The all experience was very good I am defently going back for my birthday I am sure they won’t miss it.
64. Pros: Absolutely gorgeous, top-notch breakfast buffet (included in some packages), beautiful rooms, and service is the best we've ever enjoyed. Concierge Guiseppe is THE BEST- professional but warm, helpful in making complex arrangements to simple advice. All staff we encountered was warm, helpful and English-speaking. They knew it was our 20th anniversary, and champagned and desserts were waiting for us when we arrived as well as an upgraded room. Con: only one- not the most convenient location, as it is beyond the city walls to the north. You are near the Borghese Museum. Villa Borghese, and National Museum- and an easy walk to Via Veneto for excellent dining and shopping- but a long walk from many top sites. The hotel runs a free shuttle to Spanish Steps every 20 minutes, however, which really helps. Highly recommend the nightlife around Spanish steps and Trevi fountain- always buzzing with people and activity!
65. The hotel is elegant and beautiful, apart from the awkward manekins that greet you in the lobby. The pool/garden area is lovely but you can't sit out during the evening unless you're eating at Baby restaurant and the inside lounge is rather gloomy. The food options are very limited if you're not eating at Baby. The alternative 'Grill' restaurant only serves snacks and salads and strangely nothing 'grilled'. Breakfast is very good but a bit chaotic. The shuttle bus service to the spanish steps would be handy if it wasn't booked up in advance for the times you're likely to want to use it. I enjoyed my stay overall but will rather stay somehwere else with outside space that you can hang out in in the evening and more relaxed dining options.
66. Fabulous hotel! Great break from the hustle and bustle of Rome. Pool is long enough to swim laps in, and empties out around 6:30p before it closes. Gym is sufficient and empty for a quick work out. Room service and breakfast are way overpriced. Staff is attentive, especially housekeeping, concierge and valet. Concierge found great restaurants. Bathrooms are beautiful. Great place for children. Right across the street from the park with the zoo. Shuttle runs back and forth to Spanish Steps every 15 minutes. Get Bruno with the Eternal City tours and you will be set!
67. Great expectations from the website, a booking for a garden view plus honeymooner status... poor quality shabby 1970s room that felt like it was stuck up in the attic, no view of garden or pool unless you craned your neck. Incomplete TV reception on an enormous vintage set, no wifi (had to go to outdated business centre and then asked to pay...which seems so tight given price of rooms) only mens magazines on side table, awful complimentary shampoo etc (not even conditioner)....in fact a no sense of luxury at all. We asked to swap rooms which they reluctantly did after an hour's wait - a junior suite instead, facing the road which was fine and more modern. Large empty lobby, no papers, no real local information (surprising given it's next to the most fabulous garden with Villa etc nearby), gym was really unappealing and out of date. The only great thing was the pool which was wonderful. We did not try Baby restaurant as it looked so empty! DIsappointing really, but thankfully Rome is brilliant.
68. The location is very nice in a quiet corner of the villa borghese surrounded by embassies. The hotel was very nice. The rooms were small but air conditioned and more than comfortable. They tout their car service to the Spanish steps but service was erratic and often full. Breakfast good, not great. There was a beautiful pool but alas we were too busy touring
69. An outdoor pool is a must in Rome when the temperature reaches nearly 40 degrees at this time of year. The Rooms are air conditioned and the breakfast is fantastic! A good all round hotel which is conveniently situated for the Centre. The only negatives I would give is the Service was a bit slow during the day for drinks etc The evening service in the "Baby" restaurant is totally different, it seemed totally seperate from the hotel. All the staff in the hotel were friendly and polite.
70. We stayed four nights at the Aldrovandi Palace. The first inconvenience was that Booking had not sent our reservation to the hotel. Luckily, a room was available. The hotel was nice, the service very good, the shuttle to Piazza Spagna very convenient. The only regret was the price of the Internet connection: 22 euros per day. Of course you also had the opportunity to use it by hour at the price of 10 euros/hour!!! We will not stay again in a hotel that charged that much for Internet.
71. Stayed here for business, had a wonderful spacious and comfortable room overlooking an elegant residential neighbourhood with embassies. free shuttle bus to Spanish steps every 30 minutes, it takes 5 minutes to get there. Great for joggers, the parc is just across the street. Large fitness center for rainy days. I loved the breakfast buffet with lots of fruit and different joghurts and home made pastries. Bed very comfy and Molton Brown amenities in the bathroom with maxi shower stall. Front desk staff very helpful and efficient, not so stuffy as in some of the old palaces in the centre. Will be back Rolf MB, Paris
72. Excellent stay with very helpful staff. Request a room overlooking the garden / pool and facing the inside area. Ground floor might be a bit close to the road. Staff very helpful and an excellent Michelin star restaurant which is surprising good value (for Rome). Very pleasant stay and would definitely return. But its not cheap.....
73. We booked this hotel as a way to reward ourselves at the end of our trip and it was worth every penny. It is among the most expensive places we have stayed at but it is worth every penny. Starting off the location is stunning. It is surrounded by beautiful gardens and is well away from the crowd. They have a shuttle that takes you right to the spanish steps so you spend nothing on taxis. We were lucky enough to be upgraded and the rooms are beautiful. They are white, with large bathrooms and a huge bed. There is a television in the bathroom thats embedded in the mirror. That in itself was worth the money! Food is fantastic and the hotel hosts one of the finest restaurants in Rome - Baby. The concierge desk does what its meant to and advises you on everything and books all your trips especially that all important visit to St Peter's Basilica. They also gave us fantastic recommendations for Dinner. This is our hotel for Rome and we will always go back here.
74. I cannot fault this hotel, its a twenty minute walk through beutaiful gardens to the sapnsih steps and far enough away to escape the city by the pool. I never want internet acces when i`m away but can see how that is strange for some people BUT this is not a modern hotel so expect old class elegance. It was my and my new new husbands first visit to Rome and our honeymoon, and I have to say from the moment the car and driver met us at the airport our stay was magnificent. All the staff especially the delightful concierge where incredibly helpful and amazed me at even supply a bottle of champagne! We could not fault your hotel and especially the staff who I think make the hotel so special. We will definitely be recommending your hotel to anyone who will listen and we will definitely be coming again, maybe for our anniversary ! Many Thanks again for making our honeymoon. Sue Andrews (Mrs)
75. We visited Rome for the first time and friends told us to look for a nice hotel as a bad hotel can spoil your trip to this beautiful city. As we expected the weather to be very hot we based our search for a hotel on an outdoor swimming pool. And the pool held what it promised, very refreshing surrounded by a beautiful garden. We booked a pool view room, which is essential as there is a tram passing the front of the hotel! The location is not perfect but the shuttle service is excellent. A taxi will cost you between 10 and 20 Euros from the centre of Rome. The service was excellent, and the hotel itself just beautiful. A little tip, by pure luck we got to a restaurant on top of one of the hills of Rome called "The View", not only fantastic food, but as it says in the name, the view over Rome was fantastic. That you have to try the hotel's own restaurant "Baby" goes without saying- oh Baby!
76. fast, friendly service from checkin to checkout. Upgrades granted almost always with breakfast staff friendly and courteous. Never noisy. Have a cappuccino ! Villa Borghese right across the street and a 15 minute walk to the top of Via Veneto. Excellent value if you book a couple of weeks ahead.
77. My husband and baby daughter stayed here in August and on 1st appearances the hotel was very grand and staff were extremely helpful. Our room was of an average hotel size but it was very dark and quite dingy. The bathroom again was small and of average standard. The TV only had one channel (BBC News24) in english and any childrens channels were 19E each. The pool area was lovely and a very relaxing place to be and the pool attendants and restuarant staff very attentive. There wasn't however enough space around the pool when the hotel was full and fighting for sunbeds actually in the sun became a daily battle. The pool was nice and clean but freezing. We chose this hotel because it had 2 restuarants to eat in and we would have to stay in most evenings because of our baby daughter (babysitting was an option but we only booked twice as it was 20E an hour). The mitchellin starred resturant was nice but very overpriced in my opinion and the 'grill' restuarant grilled nothing! All you could eat there was salads, even in the evening. The menues were very poor throughout the hotel and choice was very limited. Breakfast was disappointing again and again very overpriced at 20E a head. In summary the whole hotel was overpriced and very tired looking. Fantastic shuttle bus I wouldn't stay there again - unless they reduced their star rating and prices.
78. The hotel is situated 5min walk of the national gallery and the villa borghese park. The hotel offers free rides from the hotel to the Spanish steps every 30min. from early in the morning and comming back( the last bus leaves at 10.45pm.) One thing, make shure that you reserve a seat for this bus because it is small. The pesonel is very friendly and helpful. The restaurant situated in the hotel is nice but expensive, a glass of chardonnay was suggested (25,- euro's per glass). The diner was nice but not sooo nice.. that ofcourse depends on everyones own taste. A glass of coca cola is 9,-. Capuchino 6,-.The beds in the room where hard and I prefer softer beds. The breakfast is very good! The pool and garden is fantastic.
79. The Aldrovandi Palace Hotel owes this favorable review as much or more to the location and other amenites, as opposed to the hotel facility itself. Located in the "green lung" of Rome behind the Borghese Gardens, the location even in the heat of summer felt resort like and offered a relatively quiet environment. The hotel pool is cool and refreshing and the outdoor cafe is a wonderful place to have lunch. Sandro, the cafe manager, was one of the best hosts we have encountered on our travels throughout the world. Were the front desk as committed to customer service as much as Sandro is, the overall experience would have been superb, but it was not. We were, however, able to overcome our annoyance on arriving from New Jersey to find our room not ready though it had been requested. Also ignored was our request to have an upper level floor in the back and away from the sounds of streetcars in the front of the hotel. We were moved, but the request from our travel agent for an early check-in and back room had been totally ignored until our arrival. Based on the location, pool and outdoor cafe, we would return to the Aldrovandi Palace Hotel without a hesitation in summer time. We can't imagine a more pleasant environment in a big city at that time of year. We might consider other properties in non summer months, however, as the room itself was very ordinary, the front desk concierge service flawed (in its accuracy on certain tourist information and overall helpfulness) , and though we reported our tub/shower leaking on 3 occasions, it had not been fixed by the time we left and we were there for 3 days prior to going on to Sardinia. So any readers of this review would need to look at it from a seasonal perspective with a high rating given for a summer accomodation and a more questionable rating at other times of the year.
80. We are regular traveller all round the world, but this hotel is really something special. To start with - it is located in real oasis in Rome - Villa Borghese, where you can escape from crowds and noises of this wonderful city. Air around the hotel is very fresh and clear. At the same time you are 5-10 minutes from everywhere of interest. Hotel has got excellent shuttle service to Spanish Steps. Front desk staff were unbelievably supportive, friendly and carefull to every your need. It was our first time in Rome and Concierges - Giuseppe and Mario - made our acquaintance with Rome very pleasant and efficient. Apart from this restaurants, beauty salons, they directed us to, were really fantastic. In Aldrovandi they have now their prominent restaurant with Michelin chief-cook. This made this hotel even more attractive to us. The barman made for us tailor-made cocktails with proportions which we prefered. Rooms are spacy and cousy and very clean. In summer there is open swimming pool in the hotel's garden. We could write more and more, but to cut this nice story short - I think Aldrovandi Villa Borgese is unique place, which concentrates in it only positive air, style and emotions. We can not wait we will be back! Jonathan Jones and Janna Kochkina
81. Hotel very traditional and quiet. Most staff (especially restaurant) were extremely helpful and professional. Having booked a specific room not overlooking the road was somewhat disappointed to be allocated one during a three night break away from our three young children. First night spent wide awake with traffic noise and faulty air conditioner - to justify the room rates attention needs to be paid to the sound proofing of rooms. Consequently we moved room after first night (as did several other guests) which was an inconvenience we could have done without. During the move a soft cuddly toy was left behind between rooms which we realised on our way home - whilst it was not expensive it was for our seven year old daughter and I do not understand why Housekeeping did not find it as it was clearly new in a Harrods bag - on enquiring at the hotel it was apparent from the tone of the staff at that time that they did not really want to go into any great depth to find it. When asked if they would ask the Maid when Housekeeping came back negatively they were defensive. Not what I expect from a Leading Hotel of the World - we have stayed in many far more luxurious accommodations. Rome really needs a Four Seasons to knock service into the 22nd Century. No water at turndown time is really not acceptable in this day and age. Baggage taking an age to be located, arrogance from front desk. Overall a nice break but certainly not "historic".
82. The stay was expensive and hotel rated high so I expected to get value for money. BUT, the hotel is very old fashioned and room needed a face lift. When we went to the room and put the air conditioning on, it made terrible smell to the room as it was not cleaned or used for a while. Room had a carpet floor, which created untidy impression. Quite busy street was right under our window which made the stay a bit noisy. Location is not the most convenient to see the major sights - on the other hand Borghese park right next to the hotel is good for jogging and relaxing. Breakfast was luxorious. I felt it was bad service that we did not get iron and ironboard to the room even though we requested but were forced to utilize the expensive ironing services from hotel. I'm type of person who wants to do it myself. All in all, maybe some old fashioned people like this hotel but not for me.
83. We absolutely loved our stay at Aldrovandi Villa Borghese. The receptionist was lovely and helpful. The room (delux room) was spacious, luxurious and practical. The housekeeper tidied the room twice a day. A great and surprising touch with tv integrated in the mirror in the bathroom. Loved the Molton Brown toiletries. Breakfast had a nice and well-assorted selection. Nothing extravagant but all you need. Very friendly and attentive waiters. Outdoors pool was a perfect cool-down in the warm summer weather in Rome. Distance to Rome city centre is a 15 min walk through a lovely park. The shuttle service is also a practical and easy alternative. Just remember to book ahead for the last runs at night. Be also aware that prices in mini-bar and restaurant are very high. Bottle of water in minibar comes at 8 euros!
84. Well apart from being quite a way out of town (a good 20 minute walk through the park), there were a number of little things that let the place down. we paid for a superior room ... and the first night, it certainly wasn't what we received (small room with barely enough room to move around the bed). With the trams rolling past all night, you want to make sure you get a room at the back. The last two nights were certainly a different cup of tea in terms of size space and quietness. But there were also a string of little things that annoy - from an Internet service that takes more trouble than it should to administer (quite slow too). To the lack of service or any sort of response on a Sunday morning by the pool. The breakfast was excellent, but only having the choice of an eye-watering expensive restaurant (but good), is not really good enough. There really is nothing around this hotel apart from the park opposite (nice) - but at least a 10-15 minute walk to find an espresso, and similarly in the other direction for the only restaurant in the neighbourhood. Otherwise you are into a shuttle to the Spanish Steps every half hour (often booked up). Overall, the decor was 1970's trying to be old ... just doesn't cut it any more. For the money, I would choose other options.
85. For a reputable 5* Hotel in Rome, we were very dissapointed with this hotel. The rooms were poorly decorated, staff below average and overall service quite poor. It was one of five 5* hotels we stayed on our honeymoon. Honestly, we will never stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it to our friends.
86. hotel staff are brilliant-couldn't fault them in particular Eva, most helpful. Our room was clean and the turn down service with chocolates lovely. Our breakfast were the main bone of contention, for a michelin star restaurant on the premises what happened in the morning? Had they employed a cleaner to whip up cold eggs, even colder cups of cappucino, and as for the rest of the "hot food"..... how they can get everything else so right beggars belief. The breakfast was like this everyday the only redeeming feature was the free paper, but how can youenjoy that when sipping tepid salty tea? Location ideal to get away from the hustleand bustle, and the free shuttle to town is very handy.
87. The Aldrovandi is is beautiful luxury hotel in Rome. However my husband and I found the location somewhat out of the way. The walk through the Villa Borghese gardens were lovely in the mornings but the climb up the hill, through the gardens and up the hill to the hotel could get quite tiresome after a long day of sightseeing. However, the pool and garden areas were a wonderful retreat from the hustle and bustle of this magnificent city. I can truly say that I fell in love with the City of Rome. As did my husband. We have been fortunate to travel to a number of locations and this is one of a few we would truly love to go back too and spend more time. The history is amazing, the people friendly, the food and the wine, what can one say. We enjoy walking the environs of cities we visit and the main core of Rome (Spanish Steps, Piazza Navona, Piazza de Popolo, Capitoline Hill, etc) are all delightful walks. Being an ancient city you often turn corners and discover something quite unexpected.
88. We arrived in the hotel and greated with a cold smile . We were shown to our rooms through a smelly corridor Thankfully the room did not smell as bad. Rooms basic WARNING when taking a taxi to the airport BEWARE as our taxi arrived to the hotel with 9 euros on the meter and went into the hotel to get change I reminded him the meter was running and he said it will only be euro on the meter.He then handed the porter some money 1 or 2 €5 euro notes .We got to the airport the meter read €79.80 when it should be less then €55 as the hotel concierge advised.This would lead me to belive there is a scam going on in a hotel you would not expect . Daniel the shuttle bus driver is very helpful. A bottle of heiniken is €11 at the bar espresso €9
89. From arriving at the hotel on Thursday last week, we were greeted by the most friendly, polite staff. We were given a brief guide to the hotel facilities, then shown to our room with a beautifull view of the pretty courtyard style gardens and pool area. The room was clean, bright and airy, and the bathroom clean, modern with bath and shower. The hotel is about a 10 minutes drive to the Spanish Steps, but the hotel provides a courtesy people carrier on the hour between 10am and 7pm then picks up at 25 past the hour - you need to pre-book this each day, but we were never refused. Our normal driver, Daniel, was a credit to the hotel as he answered every question, and even detoured one day to drop us closer to Vatican City. The hotel has a lovely lobby area with a bar which was comfortable, quiet and well serviced. Breakfast at 33 euros per head was overly expensive for what it was (especially as we only had a coffeee and a croissant) On the saturday night, which was my wife's 40th birthday, we dined at Baby. We have dined at many top restaurants in london, but nothing compared to our experience here. We opted for the taster menu, of 7 courses including scorpion fish, beef, pasta, wild mushrooms - I can not begin to describe the taste and quality. It was fairly expensive at about 180 euro's including a bottle of wine - but worth it - especially when the waiter brought out a birthday cake for my wife - totally unexpected!! The waiters were very attentive, and the decor very contemporary/minmalist. Overall, a fantastic experience that i would recommend to everyone - and one that my wife and i will not forget - thankyou.
90. I stayed at this hotel on valantines weekend (fed 08) with my girlfriend. The hotel is very nice inside, and the staff are very pleasant/helpfull. The rooms are very tidy, and the complimenty turn down service at night leaves you with slippers next to your bed and chocalates. The hotel room is equipped with complimenty bathrobes, slippers, shompoo's etc, bowl of fruit, and a bottle of water. The bathromm is very big, huge bath, and lovely. Things to note: Whilst we stayed there, there are renovation works in the lobby, this is not noisy at all, and you will harley notice it. The hotel is very expensive inside, the resturant Babys is 300Euro per head, so i would not eat in the hotel. The hotel provide a free taxi to the spanish steps (central location) on every hour 10am-7pm mon-sat. This is great. The hotel is not right in the centre and it is 7euro into the centre of rome, 10euro to the vatican. I would reccomend you use the shuttle bus, they drop you off an dpick you up at 25past each hour. One in the city, you must walk rome, as you get to see a lot more. The hotel will provide you with a map. As for noise, the renovations are very quiet. We stayed in a room next to the road, and it was not noisy at all. Last thing, bring a travel iron, the hotel room will not provide you with an iron, they charge 15euro for an ironing service, and you must give the item in bye 10am that day. Overall, the hotel is lovely and i would reccoment it to everyone. The bad reviews must be very moany people, as the hotel is wonderful. Thanks
91. We visited Rome over the New Year’s Holiday to celebrate the arrival of 2012 in the Eternal City. We were extremely pleased with our stay at this hotel. The location inside Villa Borghese added to the magic of the location and was breathtaking. Upon arrival to the hotel we were greeted by beautifully decorated and manicured trees sparkling with white lights and red décor. Inside we were greeted by a lovely young woman that assisted with our check in and then escorted us to our room. She provided an informative tour along the way. We found the lobby bar to be attentive and offered a vast selection. Aside from some Wi-Fi issues at the front desk, we had a most pleasant stay. Wi-Fi in the guests rooms worked without issues. The hotel does provide a van to the Spanish Steps which also provides access to Rome’s most fashionable shopping. Following our visit, we talked with management about one concern and it was rectified immediately. I can’t say enough wonderful things about the magnificence of this hotel. We travel all over the world and will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family and can’t wait to return in the near future.
92. Lovely building with classic decoration, a lot of wood panelling and an elegant atmosphere that reminded me of the Quisisana on Capri. The hotel smells of amber, like the Plaza Athenee in Paris, another of my favourites. The rooms are comfortable but a little dated, especially some of the bathrooms. The attention to detail, especially the housekeeping, is among the best I have ever seen (reminded me of the Ritz in London). Great bar and very good grill restaurant in a room next to the bar decorated like a traditional English club. Breakfast is served in the gorgeous Sala Verde with a veranda overlooking the garden. The buffet is well presented but is fairly standard and not at all up to the level of the Michelin-starred restaurant. Lovely garden with pool and terrace cafe. Large fitness room but some of the Technogym equipment is out of date. Great service from all the staff, but a special mention for the waiting staff at the bar and the grill restaurant. The location is good if you want to be away from the crowds of central Rome in the summer. It is across the street from the Borghese Gardens and close to the Villa Giulia and a few other museums. The hotel has a shuttle to the Spanish Steps, but I would hesitate to use the Aldrovandi as a base for a first trip to Rome.
93. The Aldrovandi Palace is located across the street form the Borghese gardens. The beautiful neighborhood is full of fantastic villas. This is a great place to retreat to after a day of heavy sightseeing. The pool and gardens are wonderful. Try to get a room overseeing them. Although some reviews complained about expensive wi-fi, I was given 24 hours free and offered free use of an I Pad for 2 hours at a time, so there is no need to pay for wi fi. Most plans include breakfast. The restaurant on site (Oliver Glower) is excellent from a chef with 2 Michelin stars at his place in Capri. Transportation into the heart of the city is easy: walk a half mile to either the Flaminia or Espana metro stops, take the hotel shuttle, or it is an inexpensive cab ride. The staff could not have been more helpful. Highly recommend.
94. The hotel is close by the Villa Borghese park, and has a shuttle car every 30 min that l bring you to the Spanish steps. This is also the pick up point when going back to the hotel. The rooms are spacious. We ordered an airport transfer from the hotel which was charged with 100 euros. The taxi back to the airport came on 50 euros. This combination suited us best. We received an upgrade on the room, which was spacious and delicate. The staff were very helpful and knowledgable. The breakfast was ok. Had however expected more from this hotel - no vegetables, and the musli was crumbled cookies, but the breakfast room was beautiful. Walking distance to the Museum of Modern Art and the Villa Borghese museum. If you like jogging, bring your gear, because the park is perfect for that. Perfect hotel in Rome, and would definitely come back.
95. What a find this hotel was. Whilst quite expensive it was worth every penny, the staff were excellent and the concierge was especially helpful. Our friend’s room was not quite as modern as ours but still good. The pool area was absolutely super which we used late afternoon having spent most of the day exploring Rome. The courtesy car to the Spanish Steps was also good and was quite prepared to drop you at points on the way to the Steps.
96. We absolutely adored this grand hotel and particularly its key location, ideal for those who appreciate and love to enjoy the hectic rhythms of the ‘eternal city’ but at the same time love to have the privilege of a special retreat where privacy is guaranteed. Just few steps from Villa Borghese gardens this hotel offers the unique opportunity to enjoy jogging or simply a walk down to the Spanish Steps…where the complimentary hotel shuttle bus is ready for you to even pick you up at the end of a tiring shopping day take you back to the hotel: how fabulous! Spacious and elegant rooms and professional staff complete this magnificent frame!
97. We stayed at the Aldrovandi Palace to celebrate our Silver Wedding Anniversary and it was simply perfect. The hotel is spotless. the rooms are spacious and beautifully maintained. It was fantastic having a swimming pool after a hot day sightseeing and the service around this area was first class. The shuttle service to the Spanish steps was reliable and it was a pleasure to eat out each evening under the moonlight. All the staff were friendly, professional and efficient. We are planning our next trip already.
98. This is a lovely hotel about 25 minute walk to the Spanish steps. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Gorgeous bathroom although I felt the decor was slightly dated in the room. Lovely breakfast (continental and cooked) but it's a bit expensive if not included in the price - 33 euros! Drinks were also a little pricey in the lounge bar, 9 euros for a small beer. One small quibble, we asked for an iron and were told laundry could only be sent away, it cost 20 euros to have a dress pressed, so pack your travel iron! Very nice pool area with attentive service. A lovely stay in Rome away from the hustle and bustle.
99. We booked a weekend in Rome in April and decided to push the boat out and book a room at the Aldovandi Palace having been so taken in by their website. Be warned, if you book a standard room do not be fooled by the photos and expect a similar standard. The room we were given was on the ground floor, was tiny, tired and had a very 70s looking mirrored wall. We both felt very upset and so I went straight back to the reception and spoke to the manager. To their credit they immediately showed me a deluxe room and upgraded us free of charge. This room was a little more like the sumptuous settings as portrayed on their website. The air conditioning, however, did not work and so we slept with the window open all night which kept us largely awake with the constant trafic and trams. On a plus, the breakfasts were the best we have ever had in a hotel. The choice was enormous and very delicious. This hotel Im sure was once one of the leading small hotels of the world. However, it now has a very dated and tired feel throughout and probably not worth the rates they charge.
100. Overall i thought the hotel was excellent.The staff were very professional.The only downside was the bed.It was rock hard,as was my brother in laws bed. We were told that they were all like it. Also, the only way of cooling the room was to keep the window open as the Air Con was turned off at this time of year. This resulted in a dozen or so insect bites. My family had not told the Hotel that it was my birthday, but i did arrive in my room that evening to find a bottle of Sparkling on ice. A very nice touch. All in all it was a very nice experience. just a shame about the bed and the temperature.
