1. This small hotel is nestled down a quiet city street and is convenient, affordable, and clean. As with most tourists, we spent the majority of our time outside of the hotel. However, we did make great use of our private terrace for a little happy hour before returning to the City for the evening.
2. Good location, good rooms, perfect staff We stay at Hotel Grifo and really enjoy it.. The hotel is in a small street near the main street via nazionale.. The location was perfect.. Walking distance from the most important spots of the city! (5min from the Colosseum!!) Nice neighborhood where you can find very good restaurants, small shops, supermarket, etc.. The room was a little bit small but in the city center you can not expect more.. Comfortable beds and clean rooms.. Chamber maids very friendly, and a good breakfast.. The staff are super helpfull!! They will show you where to eat good food and give you good tips how to visit Rome! (Roma pass is a good deal!! ) We will stay again here on our next trip in Rome
3. We spent 3 nights here exploring rome Jan 2012 & could not of found a better hotel for the price etc. Staff were helpfull , room clean, & heating was fantastic, had to turn the heating down as our room was boiling hot & for January in rome thats fantastic. Room was small but everything was there & after a days sightseeing we slept like a log. Roof terrace was a bonus. We recomend this hotel.
4. This was by far the smallest hotel room that we have ever stayed in! There is barely any room to open your luggage. And the bathroom...the toilet seat was broken, which was taped together and the shower - you can stand in and that's about it...there is no room to move around (not even to wash your hair). If you are just looking for a place to sleep, then this will do it. There is no frills about this place. There is a metro stop near by, so that made it easy to get around Rome.
5. We stayed at Hotel Grifo for 2 days before going on our cruise. Alessandro spoke very good English and that was a plus. He was full of information and gave us lots of advise on what to see and how to get there. The hotel rooms were small but clean and breakfast was included. That was great. Hotel is within walking distance to the Colesseum. I would stay at this hotel again if I am lucky enough to get to Rome again. Thanks to the staff at Grifo
6. We stayed at the Hotel Grifo during our two week trip to Italy for the first time! We arrived and were immediately assigned a room but were moved without hesitation when we discovered our air conditioner was not working. We were very appreciative of the assistance as we were not used to the kind of humidity and heat! Our newly assigned room was on the top floor of the main building and while the hotel does offer a small elevator, we chose to take the twisting, winding stairs up to the top for the experience! It was fun! A little scary on the way down, but fun! The breakfast in the morning is exactly what you would want before a long day of sightseeing. They offered a nice variety and we always left full and satisfied. Everyone we encountered at the front desk was so kind and helpful. They were always genuinely interested in our day and wanting to know how we were enjoying the city. They always suggested the best restaurants and the best spots to have some gelato. We asked a ton of questions, always asked for directions and never once did they make us feel like we were a bother. This is a cute little hotel in a perfect location. Surrounded by tons of restaurants and within walking distance of some pretty amazing sights. You can't go wrong staying at the Hotel Grifo!
7. The Hotel Grifo is wonderful!!! Their rooms are simple but exceptionally clean and spacious. The most impressive part of the stay was how resourceful, kind and hospitable the staff were. Everyone throughout the stay treated us like guests to their own home. I will surely stay there the next time I visit Rome. Kayte del Real
8. The hotel's location is brilliant being a short walk from most of the city's most important monuments.. its in a quaint cobbled alleyway which give it the only sense of character it has. The staff are very friendly.. and when we forgot something in the room they kept it for us until our return to the hotel 4 days later which was very sweet of them. We did opt for private bathrooms which is great because the showers on some floors are on the other side of the floor.. and its not really what u want to b doing while on holiday. The rooms are a little small, but you might get lucky and get one with a cute balcony or one of the most spacious rooms. I would opt out of breakfast.. stale cereal adn a few bits of bread really wasnt my thing.. Overall the hotel is excellent value for money, close to town, pretty surroundings.. near the main train station and you couldn't ask for money for that price.
9. As the first place I slept in Rome, the Grifo has a spot in my heart b/c from start to finish, it was a relief. We had never been to Rome for vacation, w/ all arrangements made by us. Hours of reading bad online reviews had driven us to spend more than preferable for our first 2 nights in Italy. Jalel at front desk spoke English. He and other Grifo staff were very kind, helpful, and on hand. I knew to dispense w/U.S. notions of room size for that amt. of money but it was fine, just slightly thrift-shop regarding the decor. A comfortable room, and bed especially. Some storage space in the closet, a clean, decent sized bath w/a tiny shower (tall, big or heavy people wd be vexed), and a pleasant breakfast room with a variety of continental choices. The Grifo serves the tourist trade but is tucked away on a side street and feels cozy to come back to. Colosseum and Trevi Fountain are @15 min. walk in opposite directions. A 3-block walk to the subway and 1 stop to the Termini. Numerous small charming restaurants in the area used by locals, some right on Via Boschetto. I cd imagine some whiny reviews about noise sleeping over the din of a street full of talk, laughter, and motorcycles (on a week night), but it didn't bother us; who cares if you're in Rome!
10. Alessandro was a wonderful help. He was on the day shift, just when we needed advice, suggestions and directions. Rosa was also helpful in the evening. Their command of English was more than adequate. Our room was not huge, but plenty big enough to move around in. Hotel has a cosy little eating room for the included breakfast, one of the best we had on our trip. There is a computer in the adjoining bar area for (free) use by guests. Just ask Alessandro for a password. Location was great for walking or catching city busses. We recommend the nearby Carbonara restaurant. I’d go back tomorrow!!!! !
11. Concierge Alessandro constantly went out of his way to be incredibly helpful. His knowledgeable (and polite and cheerful) guidance about sightseeing is the best a tourist could ever ask for! The hotel is a great value! It's also very close to the Coliseum and the forum, as well as to bus lines that go to the train station and to much of the rest of sightseer's Roma. Would definitely stay again!
12. My husband, myself, our 18 year-old daughter and her best friend stayed at the Hotel Grifo for three nights in July 2011. It was a great hotel. Very clean and the staff was very helpful. It had a beautiful garden rooftop that was lovely. Would definitely stay there again!
13. This hotel is the perfect spot from which to explore Rome. It's on a side street, an easy walk to the Colliseum and Forum, and not too far from the subway. There are plenty of restaurants nearby for either a quick coffee or dinner. The staff was very helpful, and the breakfast offered delicious croissants. We were in the annex, just across the street (which is all that was available when we booked). Another time, we would choose to stay in the main building, as the wireless internet service did not reach across the street. But the room was clean, quiet and very much met our needs for our two nights in Rome.
14. We stayed 3 nights. The man at the desk during the day really made us feel at home. He was very helpful suggesting to us what were the best sights and when they were the least crowded, what areas not to spend money because they gouged tourists, what restaurants were good, etc. We enjoyed just talking to him about Rome. The rooms are plain but we stayed on the top floor where there's a nice terrace. We'll stay here again if we have the chance.
15. Stayed here 25/25 Nov 2011.More than happy with loction and ease of finding. Just off the Via Nazionale Staff very friendly.And helpful Hotel verry clean.Happy with room as I came to see Rome and not the hotel.Although I would say my room had the smallest shower in Rome. would say was I was not happy the 8 euro (4pp)city tax I had to pay when booking out beware. Check tariffs before buying from bars near tourist sites you could be in for a expensive shock! !
16. We are a young(ish) couple from NYC who have both traveled extensively in Europe but had not spent much time in Italy before. After reading many of the reviews on TA, I booked 4 nights at the Hotel Grifo to conclude a 2-week trip across Italy as we felt confident that Grifo would be similar to the other budget-friendly hotels we had booked for our trip. Unfortunately the hotel left much to be desired & it was clear upon arrival that the website did a great job of marketing the only benefits of the property - such as it's lower out of pocket & proximity to Termini, which was a pretty easy 10-15 minute walk. As soon as we arrived at the hotel, I had a bad feeling. There was just something seedy looking about it that I can't quite describe. Although the man at check-in was more than cordial, I couldn't help but be distracted by the buzzing fluorescent lighting and overwhelming bathroom smell permeating the air. We continued up to our room which was basic but clean. The bathroom was smaller than any other we'd encountered during our 2-week stay in Italy, so much so that the stand-up shower flooded as soon as the water came on. Having arrived in Rome after stays in various properties over in Venice, Florence & Siena - we just couldn't justify 100 Euro/per night for a hotel that felt so creepy & decided it was best to leave. Again, the staff was more than accommodating when we told them we would be checking out the next morning. We moved on to another hotel in the area & couldn't have been happier with our decision. Like anything else, it is all about expectations and what you want from a hotel. I am fine with basic accommodations provided that they are comfortable, clean & safe and unfortunately Grifo did not give fulfill that role for me. I would say this hotel is at the low-end of the "budget" class - somewhere between a roadside motel in the U.S. and a youth hostel abroad.
17. On an alley that is used as a freeway, it's noisy and dangerous to walk the area. The room they put us in overlooked the street on the main floor and when we complained about the noise, that goes on ALL night, they would not move us. You will have to close the windows and turn the AC all the way up to go to sleep. The rooms are tiny and bathrooms are tiny. You'll be lucky if you don't drop anything in the shower because you wont be able to bend over to pick it up. It will be all you can do to turn around without having your arm adjust the hot water flow. Ours had a broken mirror and a toilet flushing mechanism only the "Beverly Hillbillies" would be proud of. Breakfast was OK, but nothing to boast about. Doesn't anyone put fruit out anymore? The bar was silly and there was NO safe in the room we stayed in. The price was high for what you got but they would subtract 8% if you paid in cash.
18. After spending several hours and reviewing several hotels in Rome for the time we were staying, I chose the Hotel Grifo and glad I did. It was convenient to all of the ruins and sites of Central Rome. Most of all, the staff were all very kind and willing to help us. Our trip was delayed one day because of the weather here in the states. When we called the hotel, they were understanding and told us it was no problem. They had air conditioning for summer and heat for the winter. They also had the nicest lani outside of our room that opened up and somewhat extended our room. I would recommend this hotel to any one looking for a place to stay in Rome at any time.
19. I stayed at this hotel in a quad room /w balcony in May 2011. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us (all women, ages 30-50). Bathroom a little small, but adequate. We had lovely views from the balcony and had the opportunity to eat lunch there one afternoon. The location could not be beat. We were just off Cavour near the Coliseum. There were numerous restuarants and local shops right on our street. We had breakfast included in our rate. They had cold cuts, yogurt and cereal. Not spectacular, but it started us off for the day.
20. We reserved a quad room for 2 adults and 2 children ages 10 and 12. The room and bathroom are not fit for 4 people. The room is gloomy and dark. Air conditioning is not adequate and they turn the A/C off at night. The back door of the room opens to grungy industrial looking equipment and the bathroom window opens into a heating well. The stairs are inconvenient and the overall feel of the room is low class. The location of the hotel is good. I would definitely not recommend the hotel for quad occupancy. For the price, there are other options in Rome that will be better, we stayed in one on our return back to Rome.
21. Stayed twice during our recent tour of Europe. Wonderful staff, especially Alessandro (speaks 8 languages) and Rosa. Quiet, cute, safe neighborhood - easy walk to Colosseum, Forum, and lots of other sites. Room spotless, great breakfast!! Very close to Metro/train station.
22. This hotel needs a little sprucing up. The rooms are small, and the walls are all stained. The cupboards in the rooms have peeling contact paper. The bathrooms also leave much to be desired, you have to push the button on the toilet about 20 times to build up pressure to flush. The tv in the room also did not work for the entire 3 days of the stay. I repeated told the staff but they did nothing.
23. Hotel Grifo was well situated about a 5 minute walk from the Coliseum. Quad room for family of 4 was adequate in size, but air conditioner was very little relief from the Roman July heat. After notifying the desk clerk of our hot room we finally asked for a fan which did help some. A/C in most of Rome seemed to be ineffective against extreme heat, so I don't think Hotel Grifo is alone, but temperature in the room was often warmer than on the terrace. Be forewarned if you travel to this hotel in July or August! Probably a much different experience in the cooler months. Breakfast was included in the room price and was decent, just make sure you get there early in the morning to ensure the best selection.
24. My family booked this hotel for a week, what a mistake. We stayed one night and found a new hotel. The room was small, the bed was only 5 feet long and the matteress was only a couple inches thick. Also, the lamps were attached to the laws with duck tape. The staff was nice but our room was terrible. Hotel Ivanho was cheaper, cleaner, and located by this Hotel. Stay there instead.
25. This is local to many of the sites but it's alot of walking regardless. I would return during a cooler month...it was in the 90's the entire time my son and I were there. I also recommend if you're running to i.e. sisten chapel --don't wait for the bus just take the taxi so you won't miss it. Rome sightseeing could easily take 5 days but 3-4 would do it. Luigei---you're best---thanks Cettina & Marc from NJ!! !
26. The hotel is ideally located in the vicinity of Colosseo, Forum Romanum and other main historical attractions and also metro station is very close. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Yet,the rooms were a bit of a disappointment for me- they were quite small and basic (I understand these are old buildings), mostly what disturbed us was the dampness in the room and that the heating didn't seem to work properly for some reason. My parents stayed in another room on the top floor with a terrace and that room was better and warmer/no dampness. Rooms were cleaned daily and towels changed. The breakfast was good enough with rolls, croissants, cheese, turkey, salami, youghurt, cereals etc.- ok every day it was exactly the same (it would have been nice if they would have changed the variety of sausages etc.). Yet, concerning what price we paid (only 68€) it was value for money and I can reccommend this hotel for people who don't require too much luxury, but appreciate good service and location.
27. My husband and I stayed at Hotel Grifo for 3 nights at the beginning of January. Alessandro was amazing! Upon checking in, he offered us tickets to an exclusive underground archaeological site that only opens for tours one month a year (and sells out immediately.) A couple of friends backed out on him at the last minute, so we were fortunate to be in the right place at the right time, and we went to the tour with Alessandro and his girlfriend. The location of the hotel is wonderful, down a little side street not far from the metro, which made it fairly easy to get to the main sights, though we ended up walking most of the time, as Rome has only 5 metro lines and there is so much to see between the stops. I found our room very comfortable and the size was not an issue. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and will certainly stay here myself when I next return to Rome.
28. I take small tour groups to Italy in the summers and when we visit Rome we always stay at the Hotel Grifo. it is reasonably priced and the location is superb. It is close to the Colosseum, Trevi Fountain, Piazza Navona and many of the major sites in Rome. I love the neighborhood around the hotel. There are very good, reasonably priced restaurants and shops nearby. It is quiet, although it is close to several major streets making bus and metro access easy. Alessandro and his staff are excellent. They are very helpful and give lots of advice about good places to eat and shop. I have had to rearrange reservations for people in my group and Alessandro is always accommodating. The rooms are clean and the breakfast is good. I always request rooms with terraces in the hotel and enjoy sitting outside with a little wine and cheese. Many people in my tour groups have commented how much they enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Grifo.
29. This was my third time in Rome, but my first time in Hotel Grifo. My boyfriend and I stayed here from January 19th to January 22nd, 2012. We booked through Expedia and paid a total of 162 Euro for a three night stay, which is an unbeatable price for the location! You can walk to every attraction, and take a night stroll around the Colosseum, which is less than 10 minutes away. After reading the reviews, I was a bit concerned about having a shared bathroom and about problems with the heating, so I wrote an e-mail and got an answer right away. They told me we would have our own ensuite bathroom, and that heating problems were already fixed. They're really nice and attentive, so if you have any doubts, e-mail them. Our room (122) was not as small as people say, perhaps we were lucky. It was a normal room, only the shower was tiny. We had a window in the room an another in the bathroom, both facing the street, but we didn't suffer any noise because the windows are new. The bed was really comfortable, and everything was spotlessly clean. Decoration was quite tasteless, but hey, we only went there to sleep. The only thing I didn't like at all was the door; it seemed ancient and didn't fit the frame, so you could actually see the room's ceiling through a strip from the outside. Also, the key was very old and key wards were inexistent, so I'm pretty sure it would have fitted in other door's locks. It's a small place, so you didn't get a sense of insecurity because nobody can sneak inside without people noticing, but being a woman I wouldn't stay there on my own. Breakfast was simple but nice; good coffee, croissants, cereal, juice, nutella, etc. I missed a toaster for the bread. Free Wifi is a plus, and location is so nice that I'd probably stay there again. But please... NEW DOORS!
30. We arrived late and got a small room with W/C however the shower was not ensuite. We got the explanation that this the way it is with the basic room and went to sleep disappointed. Next morning asked Alessandro about the possibilities to change the room. He took it seriously, managed to get us another room in the annex (just in front of the hotel - very convenient), he delt with the problem in the most efficient way. The room was perfect. Ensuite w/c and shower included, WIFI worked well. Location is excellent, we walked everywhere even though public transportation is near (metro and buses). Breakfast was nice, many good restaurants around. Piccolo Buco near the Fontana de Trevi is an extraordinary place to eat. Above all, it is Alessandro that makes the Grifo a great place to stay. He was helpful (we got very useful hints that saved us time and money), efficient, intelligent and always prepared to help. Grazie mille Alessandro!! !
31. But on this occasion - small rooms, even smaller bathroom (couldn't turn around in the shower), breakfast not worth having and to top it all off we had money stolen from our room. My wife left her purse in room for 15 mins and when we came back $400 had been taken. How do we know this... we had just counted our money as we were leaving that day. Only good thing is the location.
32. We were welcomed warmly, pleasantly surprised to get a little terrace off our little room, and directed to the best nearby restaurant (Taverna Marin). It has an elevator, breakfast room, roof terrace, bar off the lobby, and friendly staff. Five minute easy walk to the colloseum. For an inexpensive hotel (for Rome) in a walkable, central area, it was perfect.
33. We stayed for 4 nights at The Grifo Hotel. We really like this place. The location is excellent for historial rome and good for the rest of the central area it is also close to Cavour Metro station. The rooms are small and the hotel clean. The breakfast is good. A nice mix of national guests. All of the staff were suberb. Everyone from the lady who help serve breakfast to the reception staff were happy and helpful. The reception staff were excellent and we didn't need a tour guide after chatting each morning and getting tailormade expert advise on what to see, where to go and how to get there. Local restaurants - pizzerias, tavernas, winebars, indian restaurant good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Thanks for our stay.
34. Quite pricey for this small room. Old with mismatched beddings and moldy smell. Old rugs with broken closet. Fuzzy TV. Elevator is also very small which is very hard when you have big luggages. Only one hotel personnel would assist you. Although Rosa (hotel personnel) is very accomodating and helpful, I don't think this hotel has something else to offer. Some restaurants nearby but tends to be noisy during at nighttime. Accessibility is so-so. the hotel location is about 20 minutes walk to Colloseo. should you wish to go around and see Rome ,you can take the Metro which is few minutes walk from the hotel. From the airport, you can take a group shuttle to your hotel and will cost you less than 50 euro but it would take you more than an hour to get to your hotel. Because the driver need to drop off passengers to different hotels. If you are two persons and wished to take the Leonardo Express from the airport to Termini station then transfer to a cab to this hotel, it will cost you practically the same. Hotel is about 30 kilometers from the airport. Since we need to leave early from the hotel to the airport for our next destination, we have asked their personnel to arrange airport transfer solely for us. For regular hours charges is 50 euro and 70 euro for (10pm-7am) service. When we were checking out, all lights at the reception area were turned off, It was very dark,we can only see the light of their pc. The reception clerk didn't bother to open the lights much more didn't even bother to offer us a seat while waiting for our ride. He just took our key and leave us at the reception area without even speaking to us. Well, maybe he is still sleepy. He only showed up again when our driver knocked. He didn't say a word. That's what you call service?
35. The hotel was very nice. A verry good location! Everything was near by and you can walk to the most touristic atractions. Around the hotels are a lot of nice restaurants and small shops. The stuff was verry friendly and helpful. And also the breakfast was good. So i can realy recoment this hotel to everybody.
36. Toilet was used & unflushed prior to us arriving in the room !! Also the stairwell had no lights working making the steps very dangerous at night - we asked for these to be fixed on our first day & 3 days later they were still not working. Reception staff forgot to arrange an airport pickup so we had to get the train & when we arrived there was no help regarding places to go & how best to get around the city. There is no welcome pack or any info in the room not even any dialing numbers for reception.Breakfast area is not big enough to accomodate the guests so we were standing around waiting for people to finish & we never once saw the bar area open. The location is good however there are hotels nearby of a higher star rating for the same price. Would not recommend this hotel.
37. The reception staff are so helpful at this hotel. They have great advice about where to eat and how to get the most out of your stay in Rome providing you with helpful tips. The hotel has a nice Terrace where you can sit and have a drink while looking over some of the surrounding rooftops. Its very clean and pretty central to most site seeing activities in Rome. You just walk down the road to get to the Coloseum. Great hotel and would definitely stay here again.
38. The staff was very friendly and many of them spoke english very well. The room and shower left much to be desired by American standards (large people could not shower here). Great location near lots of restaurants and shopping, very close to the Collisum. Breakfast Buffett left much to be desired.
39. My wife and I booked a trip to Rome for a quick get away. We didnt know where we were going to stay until we walked up a side street and into Hotel Griffo. The man at the desk "Zorro" was extreemly helpful and spoke good english. He helped us book a room and Rome tours. The breakfast was really great and the rooms were only 90 euro/night. They had wireless internet but wouldnt reach past the 2nd floor but did have a PC in the lobby we could use. The shower was a joke (16 inches x 16 inches) so if u drop the soap u are in a bind. But everything else was great and we would stay there again.
40. Positive things: 1)The location is perfect for visiting Rome, close mainly to Colloseum, but also to every other touristic attraction by foot. Around the hotel you can find several terraces and a very good "gelateria". 2)Alesandro was very welcoming and helpful with all kinds of tips&tricks, he really makes the difference compared to other hotels and makes you feel like anything you could need he could find a solution or an answer. The chamber-maid was also very nice. 3)The breakfast I think it's a good one compared to Italian style with a particular good juice. Not so good things: 1)The temperature in the shower was fluctuating and became cold when you started to feel better after a tiring day (in addition there was no hair-dryer). The sewerage was very poor and you had to close the water during the shower in order not to flood the bathroom. This was the most annoying thing in this hotel. 2)The view was awful (we had a standard double room with bathroom inside, no 31) towards the inside part of the building with warped walls, kitchens from other apartments etc. Fortunately, Rome is much too interesting to spend the time in the room and we kept the curtains closed (though the room was quite gloomy). 3)Because of the limited space for the breakfast, we always had to wait for the staff to bring more of what we wanted to eat. There was always a lady that had to take r bring something in a quite narrow place. The croissants were never enough, especially if you came after 9:30
41. We stayed there for two nights (April 24 and 25) and wish we had stayed for longer. Rosa and the folks there are great and helpful. The family room was large enough and the terrace was great. Great coffee with nice cold cuts and cheese plus yogurt, cereal, jams, and bread. The shower stall was very small and I am very big but I did manage so other folks should be ok too. The location was great. An easy walk to the Coliseum, Forum, Palatine Hill, Capitalone Hill, and train station. The elevator was small but not too small and worked fine. The area around the hotel is great for dining and relaxing with a wonderful gelato place right behind it. While there is wireless internet I did not get a signal in the room so I had to take my laptop down to the dining room.
42. We stayed in the hotel's annexe - a small apartment for 2 nights. 'Shabby chic' would be a polite way to describe it and it was a bit of a walk from the main hotel - so it won't suit some people. For example, it would be a long walk for breakfast if it was raining. But for us there was beautiful sunshine so we enjoyed the little walk. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and found the staff friendly and very helpful with directions, transport advice, leaving our luggage etc. Breakfast was fine. Great location - lots of little restaurants and bars nearby and we started to feel at home in the area very quickly. I would stay there again.
43. We picked this hotel to try and balance price and amenities. The rooms were small which we expected as it is Rome but well maintained. The location is good for access to much of the sites of Rome with good restaurants nearby and the rooftop terrace is a nice place to have a glass of wine or coffee. But the real value in this hotel was the superb staff with special accolades to Alessandro. With only one exception (the night person) everyone was polite, exceedingly helpful about touring and consistently cheerful. Plus the day and early evening crew all spoke English along with several other languages. We would recommend this hotel to anyone trying to maintain some sort of reasonable budget while in Rome and wanting assistance with the daily joys and sorrows of touring a big, unknown city..
44. A perfect little hotel very close to all the major attractions of Rome. We loved being in the center of the city, yet away from the maddening crowds of the main streets. The great thing was that we could walk everywhere. If you did not want to, a bus stopped right in front of the hotel. Our room was small but sufficient, very clean, cool and quiet and a lovely terrace on the top floor of the hotel to enjoy the cooler evenings. Breakfast was enough to carry you over until lunch. The front desk and staff were very helpful, especially Allesandro who helped us plan our daily tours, suggested off the beaten path sites, ordered transportation and recommended a gem of a restaurant just up the street. When we return to Rome again, we will most certainly stay at the Hotel Grifo. Thanks you for making our Rome experience a great one! The Canadian family.
45. The hotel was walking distance to everything we wanted to see which is what attracted us to this place to begin with. The room was basic but quite clean. The shower was tiny so fortunately we're average-sized people (but if you drop anything, good luck picking it up!). The pressure in the shower was very low and stopped spraying completely a few times. Breakfast was typical of hotels in Italy. The wi-fi rarely worked during our stay and only down in the lobby. The staff was very helpful and arranged transportation for us when needed. Overall, this is a good, no-frills hotel but the location makes the stay worthwhile.
46. We had a nice four day stay at the hotel Grifo a few weeks ago. We were on the top floor. As discussed the staff were very nice and helpful. Room was a little small and I have a few minor complaints (the shower was tiny and the toilet ran) but overall a good experience. The private balcony on the fourth floor is outside of the two upstairs rooms and is open to anyone. Not a big deal but not the in-room balcony that I expected/hoped for. Great location and a stunning view of the coliseum after 2 quick left turns outside of the hotel entrance. Some good restaurants and food shops nearby, along with the smell of Indian food from the restaurant across the way which struck me as pretty funny in Rome. Didn't take advantage of the bar untli the last night but got a heck of a pour for 3 euros. Probably our biggest bargain in Rome
47. We stayed here for about 5 days and can highly recommend this hotel. The location is brilliant. Walking distance form the Coloseum, Trebvi fountain, Spanish steps, Roman forum, etc etc etc. The only place we took a bus to was the Vatican, but it can be walked in 20-ish minutes if you are up to it. Nice roof terrace as well. No food or drinks up there, but get some wine and a pizza and it makes a fine place to relax. The staff were very helpful as well. The room was rather small and the shower almost unworkably small. Breakfast adequate but not great. This is however very minor things compared to what you pay, where you are and how helpful everyone is. I can highly recommend hotel Grifo. Not the most luxuruious hotel, but very good value for your money.
48. The hotel is in the center of many Rome attractions that are within walking distance. The hotel staff were VERY helpful during our entire stay. They helped on many occasions in making excursion arrangements, taxi/limo arrangements, restaurant suggestions and many of our other needs. This willingness to assist was very helpful to first time visitors in Rome. I would recommend this hotel for both its location plus the attitude and helpfulness of the entire staff.
49. I really liked it here. The location is superb, on a quite sidestreet, 10-15 mins pleasant walk through charming sidestreets to the Colosseum. Loads of well-priced, popular restaurants in the vicinity, no obvious tourist traps. Feels perfectly safe after dark. This all means you can spend a full day at Colosseum, Palatine Hill, Forum, etc, and walk leisurely back to the hotel via a restaurant without using any public transport, taxis, etc. This is what you want on holiday! It took us about half an hour to walk from Termini Station (which is about our limit wheeling suitcases.) It's probably 10-15 mins walk to either Cavour or Colloseo metro stations, which is why we didn't use the metro with this hotel. Negative points - small rooms. (Bear in mind at this price, you either get small rooms or a less desirable neighbourhood, with budget hotels in cities.) Shower room was down the hallway, which was inconvenient, even though was a nice size and only used by ourselves. Shower not always hot when expected. Also the the tiled floors and small size of the hotel mean noise travels, especially if other guests are inconsiderate. Service very friendly and helpful. Old fashioned hotel desk, you give them your room key whenever you walk out of hotel, always someone on the desk. Breakfast suprisingly good, and plentiful (self service.) Very clean rooms and public areas. In summary a well-run hotel. NB. A historical fact which may fascinate, stimulate or disappoint, depending on your viewpoint - this property was a brothel 30 years ago.
50. This charming hotel provided comfortable and most welcoming accomodation during our recent 3 night trip to Rome. It is centrally situated in a picturesque area of narrow cobbled streets and ivy clad terracotta buldings and is only a short distance away from the Cavour Metro Station. Just a short walk around the corner and the Colosseum is in view at the end of the road! Everywhere was spotlessly clean and gave the impression that it was really well cared for. In our case, we had a "basic" room and, although there was en-suite toilet / wash basin, we already knew that the shower would be located a short distance along the corridor, because older buildings are protected by regulations. This presented no problems since it was for our own private use and we had our own key. Each morning, a substantial cold buffet breakfast was served promptly by 7:30am. This included juices, cereals, selections of bread, meat, cheese, yogurt and spreads. A limitless supply of tea and delicious coffee was also on tap. We enjoyed sitting outside on the upstairs terrace, surrounded bu plants and overlooking activity in the street below. The staff were, without exception, delightful - so friendly, helpful and we were sad to say goodbye. We would certainly return to this hotel on any future visit to Rome.
51. We spent 4 days in Hotel Grifo and had a wonderful time. The hotel is minutes away from tourist attractions, shopping and a great resturant down the street from the hotel. Go out the door, take a right and stop at the corner, the resturant is on the left. wonderful food and staff. The rooms are small and the bathroom but no different then traveling anywhere else in Europe. We would stay there again!
52. My mother and I had a great 4 night stay at Hotel Grifo. We had requested in advance that we would require 2 single beds and our request was met. The room was very clean and of more than adequate size. I was relieved that we could sleep well without traffic noise from the major roads. The hotel's location on a quaint cobblestoned side street was fantastic. The metro station "cavour" was a convienient 5 minute walk away. We used the metro as a lazy way of getting around the major tourist sites. Although the tourist sites could easily be reached by foot (Except the vatican).
53. My daughter and I traveled to Italy (Rome, Naples and Sorrento) and stayed at the Hotel Grifo during our Rome stay. We had read reviews of many hotels before selecting Hotel Grifo and I think this research helped us understand that our room would be smaller and the hotel a bit different from a US hotel. With that being said, we really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Grifo. The staff was extremely helpful in recommending restaurants and confirming our walking path for the day. The location is great for those wanting to walk or use the bus to many sites. As other reviews have stated, our room was small (including a very small shower) but it was always very clean and comfortable. We were even able to use the WiFi from our room. The breakfast was also small but for us it was a great start to the day (especially with the friendly breakfast attendant Angela). For us, Rome was all about the sightseeing and having a safe and comfortable home base where we could utilize the staff for directions and advice -- and we received all that in Hotel Grifo.
54. Our room looked nothing like the pictures. The lobby is actually across the street from the hotel room. It was the smallest room we had in Italy. The beds were very hard! We had our worst sleep here. The phone was out of service the entire 4 nights we stayed there. Every time we needed to use the phone, we had to go down 4 flights of stairs and across the street to use the lobby phone. Our room had so much dust. I will say that it is in a great location since it is near the Coloseum. There are also a lot of shops, cafes, and churches around it. The breakfast was okay. It was sweet bread, cheese and meat, and yogurt. If anything, stay here for the location.
55. Just returned from 2 nights last weekend. The rate was reasonable, but the room was small and the bathroom and shower smaller still. There was no hot water in the morning and breakfast was poor. The breakfast room is so small, you have to learn over guests to get to the cereal! The staff are very friendly, but I will stay somewhere else next time I go to Rome,
56. this hotel is located not far rome's major sites . and lies in a quiet street with lots of resurants near. the staff was very helpfull and friendly, they did everything they could in order to make our stay enjoyable. the rooms are clean and comfortable , though it's recomend to ask in advance rooms with toilet rooms, some rooms have joined bathrooms. because we where 3 we recieved a great room a "penthouse" with a great balcony. the balcony was the best feature of the room. the breakfast was suffciant. regarding the price the hotel is ok, slightly expensive, but it's rome. the hotel for some fee grants you premision to park the car in nearby streets. even though we payed for the parking we got a ticket. don't use a car in rome
57. The service was wonderful as the staff were so kind and friendly. Our room was on the top floor and we had a view which was great. Our room also had it's own shower and toilet which is always nice to have. It felt cozy as well, like the hotel. The location is wonderful. It was close to the places we wanted to see and go to. The coffee, well the coffee is to die for and the food is wonderful as well. The only problem for us was, we walked to a bus station to go to somewhere we wanted to see and the bus no longer stopped there so we ended up walking a fair distance to catch the bus. Good news, we saw more things doing this.
58. We had great time here!!! The location is perfect! 5 minutes from the Colosseum! The area is wonderfull!!! We love the restaurants and gelato place! The rooms are really clean, and the breakfast is good.. I love the coffea! A good start in the morning.. You can find different type of bread, cereals, nutella!!! Really enjoy it! Try to have breakfast on the terrace!!!! The staff? Awesome!! Helpfull and very good in giving tips how to visit Rome! And for the restaurants try "taverna dei monti"! Or "la carbonara"! Both are near the hotel.. Wi-fi is free but only in the lobby.. We will stay here again!
59. Very friendly English-speaking staff goes extra mile for exceptional help to make the most of stay. Included breakfast offers generous buffet selections. A family feel to this 21-room hotel. Very clean. Elevator. Local area is not "touristy." So, if you wish to practise a little Italian, this is the locale. If not, English is fine. Hotel Grifo-Roma is surrounded by quaint streets, shops, charming local cafes. Major sights are just minutes by foot or by nearby buses. For a 6-night stay in November we paid about what other hotels, within a half-mile radius, were charging for a single night without the breakfast or local charm and ambiance. One of best values encountered in Europe.
60. We decided to stay at Hotel Grifo after reading excellent reveiews on TripAdvisor. They turned out to be true! The service was fantastic, perhaps the best at any hotel we've been to. The front desk staff were friendly, offered tips and suggestions, remembered our names and were generally always welcoming. The room was small (like any other in the city), but we comfortably stayed in a triple room. the beds were very small though; slightly smaller than a (USA) twin size. There wasn't much of a view, but the terrace was nice. Breakfast was good with a selection of cereal, bread, wonderful croissants and jams.
61. If Joe Bradley had taken the Princess to the Hotel Grifo, there would have been a decidedly different outcome. Nonetheless, the Hotel Grifo more than makes up for what it lacks in glamor and panache with outstanding value and a superb location. From the tiny room on the top floor, you have a view, albeit narrow, of the Coliseum and the usual hodgepodge of latticework, rooftop gardens and clothes lines. – Romans tend to view their roofs as extensions of their apartments. Historic building or not, I was nearly on the verge of buying a bottle of Fantastic and a sponge and cleaning up the scuff marks all over the room. Although, to be fair, all but the most slender among us would be hard pressed to walk around the bed without banging into the wall. Initially, we balked and asked to see another room. The staff did their best to accommodate and offered to move us into a much larger room for the same price. We viewed at least three rooms, but decided to stay put due to the sunlight and the view. Our room felt more like a tree house perched atop the hotel than a regular hotel room. Reachable by a narrow and rickety steel staircase, it boasted a lovely balcony for morning coffee. Among the staff, Alessandro deserves special mention as particularly hospitable and helpful.
62. Stayed here for 4 nights the week just before Easter. If you looking for a hotel close to ancient Rome this is it. Approximately a 10 min stroll to the Colosseum and Forum. To get to the Trevi fountian is about a 20min walk. (I'm a fast walker, but cant think it will take more than 30mins?). You can get the number 40 bus from close by to the Vatican. It really is so well situated and easy to get around. The staff were very friendly and helpful - even before we arrived and responded to emails very quickly. Very knowledgeable on the area - great suggestions on restaurants and sites. The free wifi is another bonus! In this day and age I dont understand why more hotels dont offer this. The hotel also has a terrace that you can use for a quiet drink at the end of a long day. If I have to give a negative it would be that we had probably the worlds smallest shower, but really thats nothing to complain about. The room was clean and comfortable.
63. Location is great. you can walk to almost everywhere, and it's very close to public transportation so getting to and from the airport is easy. Price is unbeatable for a comfortable - clean place. Double-glass window provided very good sound insulation - very useful, since it can get noisy at night. Breakfast was ok for us (but expect continental style). The only downside was the size of the sowe cubicle: very minimum. We managed, but if you are average-to-big sized, it can get uncomfortable. Wi fi signal did not reach every room, but it was free!! (and there is always the reception if you got unlucky trying to get a signal) I would go back to this hotel anytime
64. Stayed at The Grifo beginning April and can honestly say our first two days in the apartment block over the road from the hotel was awful, however and our last two days in the main hotel were much better. The apartment block across from the Grifo holds three hotel rooms on the second floor (no lift) of a private apartment block which is in the process of having its front facia updated, so is scaffolded and covered in sheeting. The room was TINY. It was really a single room with a double bed in it, which was really cramped. The room was dark with old furniture and a stained bed quilt and we had to keep the shutters and curtains closed due to scaffold and builders walking past our 2nd floor windows all hours. Luckily after two days there was a flood in the building, so we got moved to a triple room in the main hotel which was much better experience - light bright, could actually open our shutters and all round so much better. I would NOT recommend the apartments over the road, even when the refurb is finished. With regard to the rest of the hotel, we liked the roof terrace, and the hotel receptionists were pleasant. Breakfast was basic - untoasted bread and croissants - buy a toaster Grifo management - this is a basic breakfast requirement! We loved Rome and enjoyed ourselves immensely in the city and the weather and italian people and dining experiences were just great. Despite a great location near the Collosseum, based on our first two days experience at this hotel, we would not return. PS watch out at check out - the manager said we owed an additional 16 Euros in CASH no RECEIPT as we were Expedia customers for 'tax'. We insisted on a receipt, which he didnt want to do. What is this all about?
65. We stayed at the Hotel Grifo in November 2010. As many other travelers have noted, the service is outstanding. The location is also wonderful - very close to the Colosseum, and within walking distance to many of the top sites of Rome. The breakfast buffet gets you ready for a day of sightseeing, and if you have any questions, the staff is very accommodating. I would recommend making sure that you bring earplugs, however, as the central location ensures that there is always foot and car traffic right outside your windows. Overall we enjoyed our stay.
66. The staff at this hotel was extremely friendly, helpful and courteous from the minute we arrived handing us a map with great knowledge of the area to the moment of our departure. The location was superb, just an 8 minute walk to the Colosseum and 5 minutes walk to any form of transportation including metro and buses which is the best way to get around the center. While the room was on the smaller side it was always clean and adequate if you are not looking for a luxury stay. If you are looking for a place to sleep with various restaurants around with a small town feel in a big city this is the place for you. When I visit Rome in the future my plans will be to stay at Hotel Grifo. P.S. After eating gelato every day around various locations in Rome we found "Il Gelatone" Gelateria, less then a block away on Via Serpenti, to be THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
67. Great little budget hotel. We booked a triple which was a nice size and clean. The hotel is very basic, so dont expect bell boys, etc.. The guy at reception is super friendly and full of soo much good advice. You are 10/15 mins walk from main train station, but just 5/10 to the Colosseum or Piazza Venezia. The location is excellent, in a typical quiet Roman district! At the right price, this is a bargain and would book here again, no doubts! !
68. This hotel was good value for money. The room was small but well equiped and clean. Although there was a problem with the toilet, Aessandro told us not to worry and it would be sorted out. When we got back from our morning sightseeing - not only had we been given a different room but all our baggage had been moved too. It's in a delightful neighbourhood, which has a lovely village-like atmosphere. There were a number of high quality, low cost resturants near by. It is close to the Colosseum, Trevi Fountain, Piazza Navona and many of the major sites in Rome. All of the staff that we met were extremely friendly and helpful. Definately would stay again!.
69. Hotel Grifo was by far our best hotel experience in Europe. My husband and I have traveled all over Europe and found this hotel staff to be the best we have ever encountered. They were extremely helpful with information about the city, tours, restraurants, and transportation. The location is unbeatable, rooms were spotless, reasonable prices and a good european style breakfast included. Highly recommend.
70. Our family of 4 enjoyed the quad room with the terrace (shared terrace but we were the only ones using it). We got a "feel for Rome" as the hotel is not a North American style hotel. It is in a quite area but not far from anything. We had a problem with our A/C during our stay and it was hard to get a repair man due to big vacation time in Rome. Hotel Grifo provided us with 2 fans and they also provide some compensation - the nights cooled down so it was bearable. Breakfast was sufficient, only suggestion would be to have some fruit. Staff were wonderful and helped with suggestions. We would stay there again & recommend this property.
71. The Grifo is a very nice hotel with familiar atmosphere and typical italian charm! The perfect experience starts with a very friendly reception team, who speak several languages fluently and anticipate every wish! In our case, the reception manager even offered us a better room without any upcharge. The hotel itself is rather small, with a very familiar atmosphere and built in typical italian style. If you are looking for a real italian accommodation with charm and not a chain hotel, the Grifo is perfect for you. The breakfast is a small buffet with everything you need for a good start of the day: croissants, rolls, toast, cereals, italian cheese and ham, several hot and cold drinks,... again in a very nice and typical italian atmosphere. The location is just great, close to the Colosseo and within walking distance of all the famous sights in Rome. We will definetly come back to Rome and back to the Grifo. I can recommend it to everyone who is looking for a typical italian hotel with very friendly staff. It is a real insider tip.
72. We stayed in the Grifo in July '09 and '10. It has become our hotel of choice. I cannot understand the damning reviews, which is why I have written this belated review. The Grifo really tries. It has an old world politeness and attention to detail The hotel is modest, welcoming and comfortable. In '09 we had a room with a balcony; it was lovely. We assumed this was standard, but it is a little extra. I have had better breakfasts at twice the price, but the coffee was excellent; the cereal could have been better. The breakfast waitress from Romania was the friendliest and most helpful I have come across. Rome has been a favourite destination for over 30 years; I have stayed in many of its hotels. Few can match the Grifo for its combination of location, value and facilities. In my home town, Aberdeen, you could expect to pay more for a lot less. There are many good eating places in the vicinity. The number of excellent notices don't lie. This hotel has a personal touch and goes out of its way to help the traveller and make a holiday memorable. Which is why we have booked again for July 2011 (this time with a balcony).
73. This is where to stay and get the best out of your stay in Rome. Between the Trevi Fountain and the Collesseum. Everywhere in walking distance (even with a dodgy hip!). We are not seasoned travellers but the staff made all the difference to our stay. There didn't seem to be a language they could not speak, or a limit to the number of questions they answered. The basic room was small but very clean, the hotel was quiet at night (which as we are used to a small village was great), breakfast was plentiful and very good. All the staff's recommendations were great including the local restaurant.
74. We travelled to Rome with our 20 year old son this spring. As there were three of us it was difficult to find a room big enough to accommodate all of us in such an expensive city as Rome. We were very satisfied with the family room at Hotel Grifo. It is actually two rooms with the bathroom across the hallway. This gave all of us some much needed privacy, and the bathroom really wasn't a problem since it is not shared with any other guests. Unfortunately the bathtub area ceiling was mildewed, but it should be easy to fix up. We also had a very nice balcony which was perfect for evening relaxation. The location is excellent and central. This is certainly a basic hotel, nothing fancy, but it suited our purpose very well.
75. Found this hotel on the reviews. Was looking for something affordable, comfortable and safe in Rome. This was it. While the rooms aren't 4 star, they are comfortable. We also had a balcony overlooking the street, which was wonderful to sip some wine and relax. The hotel is centrally located to most attractions. Friendly staff.
76. My family and I spent the days between Christmas and New Year's Eve 2011 in Rome where we stayed at Hotel Grifo. We picked the hotel after closely examining different hotels and their rating at Tripadvisor and we definitely made the right choice, This hotel has about the most perfect location in Rome I can imagine. The relaxing Boschetto street the hotel lies in and the surrounding streets are filled with great reastaurants (I can in particularly recommend 'La Taverna Dei Monti') which were easily found with the brilliant Tripadvisor Rome app. The area the hotel lies in is very cozy and really gives you the feeling of being in Rome with its narrow, slopy and cobbled streets surronded by fantastic architecture. Most of the top tourist attractions we visited were within walking distance and those that weren't, were easily acessed through the metro. The nearest stations is not far away from the hotel. The staff was very welcoming, the room was appropriately sized, the aircondition worked great as both a heater and a cooler of the room, the toilet and bath suited the basic needs and the breakfast was simple yet satisfying. We found the beds were a bit hard though but it was nothing that ruined the overall good impression of the hotel. All in all we had a great stay at Hotel Grifo and we got great value compared to price. We'll definitely consider living here again the next time we stop by Rome!
77. This small hotel is located in the heart of Old Rome. Easy walking distance to the Colosseum, the Forum, Trevi Fountain and many other "must see" sights. There are some excellent restaurants in the area that the concierge will recommend if asked. The hotel staff are very friendly and are more than willing to assist you. The rooms are compact but this is to be expected as you are staying in a 300 year old building that was once a bordello (about 100 years ago). The facility is clean, the bed linen of good quality, and the mattresses are comfortable. It has the only triangular shaped elevator I have ever seen - really quite unique. If you have mobility problems make sure that you ask to stay in the main building, not the annex, as the main building has the elevator. You will still be faced with a couple of steps to get to your room, but it should not be an issue. The showers are small but functional. The continental breakfast included cereal, croissants, pastries, coffee and tea. In summary, the hotel offers a great location and good service at a reasonable price, just be prepared for compact rooms.
78. I was there 2 weeks ago with my friend and payed a lot of attention to feedbacks before chosing the hotel. It's true: rooms are small. but we had what we needed, as they are clean, the breakfast is honest and at the reception we were given the best suggestions to discover the real Rome. Bravo
79. I chose this hotel because of the location. Luigi and Alesandro on reception recommended excellent restaurants at very reasonable prices. Angela on breakfast was very pleasant and very efficient. It was lovely to be greeted by a happy, smiling face every morning before the slog of sightseeing! Breakfast was more than adequate: juice, cereal, yogurt, bread, cheese, ham, turkey and good HOT coffee!!! The rooftop terrace was a perfect opportunity to meet other guests and get their feedback. Our triple room (I was a mother with an 18 & 20 year old) was clean and the beds were comfortable.and flat screen TV with CNN! (no fridge,but other rooms had one) As a frequent visitor to Rome (twice a year for the last 15 years) I found Hotel Grifo to be the best. What it lacks in ****ratings it compensates with friendly, helpful staff, cleanliness and the quiet location! !
80. We stayed 4 nights at the Grifo. The first night we were so exhausted from the flight that we could have slept through anything. The second night -- lots of noise from outside. Though the hotel is on a tiny street, it is pretty busy with vespas and lots of motorcycle traffic. The third night -- lots of noise from inside. The next room next door was listening to the TV very loud. Then there was some arguing couple at the bottom of the stairs. We didn't sleep well either of those two nights. The fourth night was fine -- I guess because we were exhausted again. The hotel's location can't be argued with. In 4 days we took the bus once and walked everywhere including back from the vatican. The bathroom is small but we are small people and the shower that many people seem to feel is very small is actually bigger than the one we have at home. The mattress is very thin but in two weeks in Italy at 4 places we never had a box spring. Next time, I think we will try for a quieter place.
81. Monti is a "little village" in the middle of Rome, and there, in on of the charming, narrow streets, You find Hotel Grifo. On a trip to Rome five years ago we passed this lovely looking hotel and decided to stay there the next time, which we did in nov. 2008. On their website i´d read that the top floors had their own terrace and therefore i ordered one of them. Still, I hadnt actually been indside the hotel and therefore i coldnt be sure that the photos told the right story. They did. High expectations is a dangerous thing, but Grifo fulfilled our hopes for a romantic weekend. And more too. We felt instantly at home. The service was excellent and the room was very nice. We will stay there the next time too, thats for sure.
82. Hotel Grifo was by far one of the best hotel experiences I have encountered in Europe! The hotel staff went beyond the call of duty and the rooms were spotless! The staff were very helpful with information about the city along with terrific suggestions on sights and restaurants. The Location was Excellent. They are only a few blocks from the Colosseum and within walking distance to all major attractions. Had a lovely time here ;)
83. We spent a week in Rome at the Grifo hotel! It´s a fantastic little hotel in the middle of lovely Rome. You`ll get the most excellent service and as a bonus you can rest, from walking along daytime, on their green roof-terrace in the evenings. Every day you return to a clean room and if it´s hot outside, you´ll have AC inside.
84. Great location, centrally located within the ruins we so wanted to visit. We stayed on the 4th floor. The room was large enough to accomodate us, although faintly moldy, and we had to purchase allergy medication in the nearby pharmacy on our first day to endure our spore allegies. When the terrace door would be open we would smell a natural gas escape, immediately nearby, so we kept it shut as much as possible. Other than that, and the minor city block-wide electricity failure (hardly within Hotel Grifo's power) we were delighted to be hosted by such wonderful staff as Louigie, Alessandro, Angela and of course our great Rosa, who took care of us even before we arrived to Rome.
85. I knew that we chose the Hotel Grif because of its central location and affordable rates. The rooms were moderate to very small in size but clean. We ended up staying near the roof top deck which was the best part of the stay. However, we did have to share a bathroom with the rest of the hall--a very negative experience given that the cleaning lady banged on the door and yelled one time when I took a shower. They also are not too keen on those who choose to take advantage of the nightlife, despite the advertisement that it has a 24 hour bar. They were accomodating to some extent because they gave guests wine and beer from a 3 foot bench but that was only if we could summon the desk clerk over to assist. Our group checked out on time and the staff was basically friendly, especially at breakfast. The only drawback is that once we returned from our trip, someone from our group was emailed by the Hotel Grif and advised that he was being charged an extra 57 euros for a late check out and for not checking his bill--both claims are false and I believe he is contesting the bill. Overall, the hotel is family friendly and clean but I would not stay there again if given the opportunity.
86. just back from 2 night stay at grifo went with my daughter so booked family triple room it's actually 2 seperate rooms so even better than i thought! ( roof terrace as well.) bathroom was spotless as were the rooms breakfast is fine cereal,coffee,tea ,juice, variety of breads etc. special mention to allesandro and rosa who were so helpful (had a very slight problem with a room key but taken care of while we were out )the cleaning staff great too! All the top sights are within walking distance(maybe not st peters but use the hop on hop off bus) no problems in a fantastic city and a brilliant hotel .
87. We had a great four days staying at the apartment which is just up the road from the hotel, the hotel has got two great plus points, the location and the staff, the main gentleman Alassandro in particular was always on hand for tips and advice to make the most of Rome, in particular eating out. The apartment was adaquate and quirky, it's in a old cobbled street which has a violin maker opposite and a artist underneth, there is also a busy club next door so it was noisy at night. All this didn't effect our stay just a reminder that we were staying in a busy part of the city. If you want a central, cost friendly staff in Rome Grifo should be on your list .
88. Hotel Grifo is a good hotel in a great location of Rome. Our room was simple yet very clean and comfortable. A very nice feature is the outdoor terrace on the 4th floor - it really is charming and relaxing after walking around Rome all day. In addition to being in a great location, the staff at the Hotel Grifo was the best ever! Everyone was so willing to help in anyway possible.
89. We arrived and the staff was extremely friendly. We had arrived in Rome by plane around 9:30am and arrived at the hotel around 11am. The check-in time is not until the afternoon and they allowed us to check-in, drop off our bags, and wash up. This was gladly appreciated after 15 hours of travel time. Also, I would like to compliment the hotel on their complimentary breakfast. The coffee was great and they always accomodated us when we were early or late. The breakfast was enough to hold us over until lunch. Our linens were always fresh everyday. However, the beds are not to be desired but we don't stay in our beds very long on vacation. We get up in the morning and are usually gone all day. They have a few restuarants right around the corner that have the best pizza and customer service. It also is 2 blocks from the Coloseum and metro. They also have a change box down the street that gave us great rates when exchanging cash for euro which I recommend cause the commercial ones will give horrible exchange rates and charge commission. The last day the clerk called for a taxi for us. It was only 5 euro more than taking the train. We had a wonderful time and a lot of it is do to the great stay at Hotel Grifo. I definitely recommend this hotel as long as you don't care about the extra amendities. The staff was awesome. Oh, they also speak and write great English. I had emailed them a week before our arrival. They emailed me back promptly and understandable.
90. We stayed here for three nights to start our week-long trip in Italy. The staff at the desk was always friendly and helpful with our many questions. Our room was the largest of our trip, with a fully functioning A/C unit. We never had any issue with street noise. The bed was a bit stiff. Unfortunately, we discovered this in all 3 hotels during our trip, so we assumed it was par for the course in Italy. Breakfast was ok, and also ended up being on par with the other hotels. It was good, nothing great though. The shower stall was also a bit tight (i'm slightly smaller than "Average"), again something we discovered in all of our hotels. Location wise, we were just minutes from the Colosseum and Ancient Rome. The neighborhood had plenty of charm and character. Many local restaurants and gelatterias to chose from. We never had any issue with street noise, and we always felt safe walking around. The Metro was also only a few steps away. For the price and location, the value was definitely there. We were pleased with our stay and would go back.
91. My boyfriend and i were so excited to find our hotel located only 5 mins away from the colosseum- the reason we were so intent on visiting Rome in the first place! The hotel is down a lovely atmospheric street and is in the heart of the city, there are restaurants galore and so many things to see and do in the city so close by. Our room was basic but comfortable, had a great shower and was lovely to watch the world pass by out of our window. breakfast was good- you need it with so much to do and see during the day! The staff helped us whenever we needed it and were warm and friendly.We felt very safe and happy the whole time we vitisted the city and had just a wonderful time.
92. Hotel Grifo was a nice, comfortable, clean & reasonably priced place to stay in Rome. The location is great, and 10 min walk to Colosseum. The hotel is on a quiet street in Rome, with several excellent restaurants within a two block radius. The showers are a little dinky as other people commented on, but after three weeks in Italy, they seemed normal! !
93. My boyfriend and I are a younger couple and were traveling on a budget, and in Rome it is very hard to find a hotel that would not blow a hole in our wallets. But we were very lucky to come across Hotel Grifo. It is in the heart of everything and in a good area. The location is actually quite amazing! You can practically see the Collosium down the street! It is nestled in a tiny street where it is very nice and quiet. When we first arrived there (earlier than our check-in time), the man at the counter was very curtious and spoke English very well. He told us our room was already prepared for us and it was on the thrid floor, which is the highest. It is a smaller hotel but very cozy and welcoming. Our room was not the largest, but for two people who just need a place to sleep and shower, it was perfect. We had a television and a mini-fridge. The rooms are very clean and well kept. Everyday they make the rooms for you. They serve free breakfast in the morning, which was lovely. It included crossants, toast, yougurt, meat, cheese, juice, and cereal. Just enough to gather your energy for a long day of walking. The people that work at Hotel Grifo were all very friendly and helpful. They gave great recomendations for resturants and things to see. I would defintely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a pleasant and casual hotel room. It is really great for couples. It is no luxery hotel, but it is more than you expect for the price you pay.
94. Grifo is a very cozy, friendly, clean and well situated hotel few steps from the coloseum. Among the three hotels we stayed at in Italy, Grifo was the best! The hotel is well situated in a very nice and historic neighborhood with restaurrants, pubs and places to visit. It is few steps from the coloseum and worth the extra you would pay in being a little further from the train station. It has a personal touch and you can see it in the care given to the place. The people at the reception are very very friendly and helpful! Last, it has interesting surprises, like a terrace in some of the rooms that makes you feel just at home!
95. We spent two nights at Hotel Grifo after a two week cruise. The hotel is located within walking distance to top "must see" sightseeing in Rome. The neighborhood is friendly and safe. The rooms are small but very clean and adequate. There was a daily continental breakfast included in the cost of the room. But the most outstanding item in this hotel is the staff !! They were the most pleasant, informative and helpful of any place I have ever stayed. If ......when I go back to Rome it will definitely include a stay at Hotel Grifo.
96. From the moment we entered this charming little hotel in the heart of Rome we new we had picked a gem. After registering, the clerk at the front desk took the time to go over the sites that we should see and marked them on a map (provided by the hotel). She also sold us a Roma Pass which was valid for 3 days, covering public transportation and free or discounted entry to Roman sites. TRAVEL TRIP: Buy the Roma Pass. We left our bags (the room was not yet available at 11:00am, no problem) and off we went. The Colosseum, Forum, and Capital Hill are all within easy walking distance from the hotel. Upon returning to the hotel we were pleasantly surprised to find that our luggage had been delivered to our room. We hadn't received this service before. The room was small, but comfortable. Even though the shower was small, it had the best shower head that we found anywhere in our 30 day adventure in Europe. The hotel also had an elevator, something a lot of the smaller hotels do not have. The hotel provided a nice breakfast to start the day off with; warm croissants, nutella, cheese, fruit, sliced ham and turkey, cereal, coffee, juice and milk. The hotel is located not far from the Cavour Metro Station, so it was easy to find. We found that the public transportation in Rome was excellent and bus 19 came right by the hotel's front door. Restaurants were plenty in the area and we found the area safe to walk at night. We would defintely stay here again!
97. We had only one night to stay in Rome, and were looking for a nice clean hotel close to the sites in ancient Rome. This place fit the bill, but had a few drawbacks. Pros: * the front desk staff was very nice and had lots of tips for getting around Rome and making the most of our short time there. they also reserved a private car transfer to the airport for 50 euros. * it's clean. * close to Colosseum, but far enough away that you feel like you're in a real Roman neighborhood away from the tourist hordes. Cons: * way overpriced (150 euros) for what it's worth. i've stayed at a 5-star hotels for the same price. * neighborhood traffic is noisy at night. * ancient lock on the door opens with a skeleton key. doesn't feel very secure. * toilet operates strangely, shower door difficult to close. * thin walls - you can hear other guests walking up and down the stairs. We left early in the morning, so we didn't get to enjoy the breakfast. Maybe that would have made up for the other shortcomings.
98. We stayed in this hotel one night, I higly recomend this hotel for budget travelers and families with children - it is in walking distance from Station Termini - about 20 min. OK - room was tiny, but clean, bathroom in the room, breakfast nice. Reception staff - very frendly, giving a map, trying to answer any question, giving suggestion for dinning.
99. Location is absolutely perfect for exploring the historical center of Rome and even night life in Trastevere is just 40 minutes walk (through the illuminated historical center) away. The first time we got there we missed the right turn and in a few seconds ended up looking at Colosseum :) Late evening and night walks are pleasant and pretty safe. Right around the corner were tiny jazz recording studio, musical instrument's workshop and another small workshop where the guy was making copies of ancient roman clothes and armour. There also were qutie a few good restaurants (including cheap but very good Chinese and Indian if you're tired of pasta and pizza) and vinoteca around. Although it isn't by any means some posh hotel the staff were extremely receptieve to our needs and wishes like we were some VIP guests :) It was very helpfull for us that they were also very knowledgeable (Alexandro's tip about Vatican museums saved us hours spent waiting in line) and could speak several languages (including Russian) at least at some basic lavel. Although our room was rather small, it was clean and neat, the bed was very wide and comfortable and there were enough place in wardrobe for all our stuff. It could be a bit noisy - you're not completely safe from noise coming from neighbouring rooms and corridors - but at least the street is absolutelly quiet at night. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, felt that we got what we paid for and then some and therefore would definitely recomend this hotel.
100. Great stuff (especially Alessandro... he is great, he speaks several langugages, he know where, when and how to explore wonderful city...). Good breakfast for that kind (star) hotel. Great place to start or complete daily sightseeing, lot's of small shops, restaurants... Actually, you don't need public trasport for lot's of sights... or dinner, or store... But, it's close to metro station on B line (one stop to Termini), close to bus station on Via Nazionale... From Termini station you can walk 10-15 min (well, Rome is on the several hills... :D )... 10 minutes walkign to Colosseum, or Forum Romanum... Clean room, fresh towels every day, small shampoo, AirCondition... italian TV, but TV :)
