1. We enjoyed our stay at The River Hotel. It is a great location easily accessible to public transit. Our room was small, but it had a European type of feel, and it seemed many guests were European. We had both a small fridge and a microwave which was helpful. The free wireless is a nice feature with ability to print downstairs. I did not use the fitness center since we do so much walking, but would have had they had a pool. My bad for not checking that. The water bottle filling stations on each floor is also another great feature. We did not eat at the restaurant, but there are many nearby, including Dunkin' Donuts and Starbucks for coffee and breakfast. Filming of Transformers 3 was taking place during our visit which made it very interesting.
2. My husband, adult son and I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. The kitchenette (stove top, microwave, refrigerator) allowed us to fix breakfasts quickly "at home" before going out for early tours and to save money on some easy suppers. Basic pots, pans, plates, and cooking and eating utensils were provided. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. We didn't hear any noise from the street or from other guests with the white noise of the air conditioner....delightful sleeping. The two bathrooms were a luxury for the three of us. Note that the 2 bedrooms (one king, one queen) do not have doors, so they are semi-private, not totally private. Unfortunately, the sitting area was a little claustrophobic because we had expected a window and view. Instead there was just one window in the 2nd bedroom with no windows in the living area. At the front desk, I was told that all of the 2 bedroom suites have the same "view". We could see just other close buildings (no river) from the window in the bedroom. As other reviewers have remarked, the hotel's location is the BEST! We took the orange line from Midway and our son took the blue line from O'Hare to within several blocks of the hotel. We walked or took public transportation everywhere while touring.
3. nice enough...check-in dude acted like he was doing me a big favor giving me a king-size bed, as they were out of queens. Woo-hoo! If I had made my own reservation, instead of our company picking this place for us, I would have got this as a matter of course... No tub, just shower; old tube tv. Was cold close to window. One light by bed didn't work, stopper in sink wouldn't stay stopped, and shower head had a leak in back, squirting water in reverse....what left bad impression (and was the last interaction I had with staff) was when I was checking out, I wanted to tell person behind desk about these things that needed fixing, and *she did not even interrupt her conversation with her colleague or even LOOK at me while she handed me my receipt*. I -did- interrupt her to tell her.....but no "how was your stay/ how was the room/thank you and we'll see you next time". It's a shame that the art of recognizing a customer (hint: LOOK AT him/her!) does not seem to be part of the training here. The fact that I feel strongly enough to post this review should be an indicator that customers value people skills! and deplore their absence in a person employed in a service industry!
4. I travelled to Chicago to meet my parents who were visiting from overseas. A triple room had been booked in the Club Quarters hotel. I was the first to arrive and the room was a small room with a double bed and a sofa bed. I had been told at reception that we could upgrade to a larger suite for an additional $20 a night. We decided to upgrade and we were given a room in the River Hotel portion of the hotel. The room was phenomenal. It cost $140 a night and it was like a small, open-plan apartment. It had a fully equiped kitchenette and dining area and on either end of the suite, there were bedrooms, one with a king size bed and one with a queen. There were two bathrooms and there was also a sitting area with a television although this was not really necessary as both bedrooms had televisions also. We were so completely impressed with the hotel, I would whole-heartedly recommend it. It's very well located on the Magnificent mile right across from stop 2 on the trolley tour and the boarding area for the river cruises. The room was so comfortable and lovely and while I'm not sure if the cost of the upgrade to a suite was a special offer or not, it was definitely well worth the additional $20.
5. This hotel is located on Wacker at Michigan. Lots of restaurants, shopping, sightseeing and Millenium Park close by. The hotel seemed more like a business club -- small lobby, small spartan rooms, built for short stays. But with the rates as low as they are, it's a busy hotel. The entire hotel staff was very nice and helpful. Housekeeping needs improvement. The bathroom floor had not been swept when I checked in and the bedspread had a small stain on it. On the second day, when I returned at 4:00, the room had still not been cleaned so it appeared that cleaning is completed quickly but not meticulously. If you can look past minor issues and alert the hotel staff when there are problems, then it will be worth it to book here. It's not perfect but you can't beat the price and location.
6. While the first room they offered us was tiny (corner room), since that was all that was available, we waited and got a larger room (queen size bed, though they admitted it was shorter than the average queen bed). After the high prices at a nearby Hyatt, we appreciated the refrigerator for our use (vs. the Hyatt Regency where a Pepsi cost $4.25 and a sign warned us that using the fridge for our own items could result in a $25 fine), and microwave and plates and utensils if we wanted to eat in. Lounge had computers with free Internet use and printers (quite a change from the high prices of the Hyatt's business center). This is no swanky hotel, and the elevators were often overcrowded, resulting in waits, and I've slept in more comfortable beds, but for the price, it was fine. This is a hotel chain for members, though we had booked through Travelocity as non-members. When we tried to get information on staying in a Club Quarters in Washington, DC, the front desk said we had to call a central reservation number (not toll free); had to leave a message with someone who never returned our call.
7. Got this room for $60 a night. It's right on Wacker and Michigan - so convenient for all the shopping and an excellent location. As stated the rooms aren't large, but I was by myself so I didn't mind, although even if I had my partner with me I still think it would be fine. The most important thing for me as a single traveller though was that it was clean, bright and very safe feeling. The bathroom was very clean and modern (I can't stand fusty old bathrooms), the bed was comfy, you get a desk with wireless access and TV, Microwave and Fridge. So very happy with the room. The service was also very good and efficient. They even let me leave my baggage with them a week later when I was back in Chicago even though I didn't stay with them that night. The Italian cafe attached is excellent! I had great pasta and salad there and the service was fantastic. All in all a great stay for the price. The corner cafe also does great breads.
8. We loved this hotel! The location was excellent. Easy walking to Navy Pier, Magnificient Mile, and tons of restaurants! Hotel was clean and the staff was so friendly. They have computers on the second floor with free high speed internet also. The only downfall is that it is a highrise and there are only two elevators. They are very slow. Sometimes I would have to wait 5 minutes or so for an elevator. That is really irritating if you forgot something and wanted to run back to the room! Plus we were on the 15th floor so we couldn't take the stairs! Other than that, the hotel was wonderful!
9. This is a superior hotel offering a great location for a reasonable price. Those who are travelling with others might find the rooms small, but the riverside view from my room on the 38th floor (arranged at check-in) more than made up for this. Anyone visiting Chicago for the sights would appreciate the view of downtown, stretching to Sears Tower, the Field Museum, Lake Michigan and beyond. Great food is available from the small bistro on the ground floor, and all requests to front desk staff were very cheerfully accommodated. Maid service was of the highest standard. I would stay here again without a moment's hesitation and would recommend this hotel to anyone.
10. My wife and I just visited Chicago to celebrate our 12th anniversary and chose to stay at the River Hotel. This was our first overnight trip in Chicago and I have to say that I was more than satisfied with my experience at the River Hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful during our stay. We stayed in a Junior Suite and it was immaculately clean, incredibly quiet and we had a great view of the river. The bed was extremely comfortable and we had a great night of rest. I also appreciated the solid high speed internet connection that I had in our room. The hotel is within walking distance of the Theatre District and all of the shopping the State St and Michigan avenue have to offer. We will definitely be staying at the River Hotel on our next trip to Chicago.
11. Superb location, great building (sneak all the way to the top of the atmospheric stairways for some great views), friendly and helpful staff, supremely comfortable bed, hot and poweful shower, nice touches like free broadband and bottled water... And cheap. What's not to like? If you want to spend all day in a bigger room go and stay at a bog-standard chain hotel and pay twice the price. But why would you, you're in Chicago!
12. This hotel is a Club Quarters hotel, which means that it is geared towards business travelers. Our room was small, but perfectly adequate since we weren't in Chicago to spend time in our hotel room. The hotel reminded me of a European hotel, especially since it's in an old building. The location is perfect; right across the street from the River, near Michigan Ave. between the Magnificent Mile and the Loop. The hotel restaurant is surprisingly good, and makes the famous Chicago deep dish pizza. The couple at the table next to us were staying at the Fairmont and their concierge recommended it.
13. I found the hotel to be very clean. The room was small, but well equipped. Internet was available in a business center in the lobby. I was vacationing so this was not a problem for me. The mattress was firm, but that is my preference. I felt it was a great central location and within walking distance of the Chicago Art Museum and the Mag. Mile. On site restaurant was good as well.
14. Needed to stay downtown for business meetings, and found Club Quarters (usually a member-only hotel) available online at a great price. While the room was a little smaller than others I've had downtown, the location was great, the room was clean, quiet and in pristine shape, and the bar downstairs was very friendly and convenient. Great place to stay.
15. The bed linens had stains. The staff was very rude (with the exception of one lady). The towels had tears in them, very old and roughly used a few of them. It was more of a self service hotel. Definatley not a classy joint.
16. My wife and I stayed here one night to go to a show at the Chicago Theater. We actually live on the outskirts of Chicago (by O'hare) but since it was an 11pm show we didn't want to have to take the train back. The rooms are small, but how much time should you be spending in there anyways? They are clean, nice (albeit somewhat small) bathrooms and a great location for perfect access to State street and Michigan Ave. Don't waste your money going to a more expensive hotel, especially if you are going to be out doing things. One random note: the water bottle stations are really nice and convenient. You can take the bottles with you when you go out walking around or whatever too.
17. I booked a room at the River Hotel after seeing the reviews on here. The price was right and I had looked at the Club Quarters (which is the sister hotel located in the same building) and wanted to stay at Rivers. We ended up staying in Club Quarters anyway. I was really disappointed. I talked to management about it and was told that they were booked up and our only choice was to drive to another hotel a mile away. Sort of defeats the purpose of staying on the River. So we stayed at Club Quarters and the experience we had was very similar to the other reviewers. The room was small but clean and comfortable, until the patron next door started signing every morning with his radio around 7 am. The walls were so thin we could hear people in the hallway the elevators, and our neighbor doing all sorts of things. Location was great, price was right, but I wouldn't stay again. When I book a room at a hotel I expect to stay there, not somewhere else.
18. This hotel is in a great location-right near Michigan Avenue and all that offers. I stayed in a club size room on a recent business trip and it was perfect for what I needed. The room was on the smaller side, but I didn't need a lot of space. The small window offered a great view of the Chicago River. The internet worked well enough-my only complaint was that the TV couldn't swivel to face the bed (though I don't think that's a problem with all room setups.) The staff was very friendly and helpful in answering my questions, and the parking was close enough. All in all, a great room if you don't need a ton of luxury or space.
19. Booked the hotel online because of the availability of a '2 bedroom suite'. It turns out that the 2 bedroom suite had NO privacy or doors for the 'bedrooms.' When I called to complain, the hotel staff told me their add nver guaranteed a door for the bedrooms. Despite trying to cancel within 2 hours of booking the reservation in an off season during the middle of the week, Hotel management refused to give me a refund and charged me for a full night stay. Make sure you get your reservation right, because once they get your money they won't let go!
20. In terms of location, Club Quarters on Wacker can hardly be beat. It's right near Michigan Avenue and the Magnificent Mile and most of the rooms have great views of the Chicago River and its landmark buildings -- the upper floors give a view of the Lake. The rooms are on the small size, but very clean and quiet. My room had only a shower stall and no tub (but I only take a shower anyhow). The price was very good indeed, and I checked in and out without a glitch. Bella Bacino's, the restaurant on the ground floor, offered excellent Chicago-style pizza and interesting beers on tap. Yum!! A couple negatives: the Wi-Fi was weak and intermittent. No sort of breakfast is offered, which I don't really see as a problem -- but I wanted to get a cup of coffee on my way out to my conference in the morning and they were out at the moment. Grrr -- must have coffee! But overall it was a good experience and I would recommend it. You're not paying anything near a luxury price, so don't expect luxury -- just a decent room in a great location.
21. Stayed at Club Quarters Wacker at Michigan from Nov. 28-30 2007. EXCELLENT LOCATION, right off the Mag. Mile. Hotel staff was very friendly, and the housekeeper staff was equally as professional. This is mostly a business hotel, which is great, because no noisy children, and rowdy college kids, very quiet hotel. Although the rooms are small, is very cozy, and all amentias worked fine. There is a doorman out front which keeps out some of the street people from filtering in, as most of the big cities hotel have. Secure and safe location, "El" station right around the corner (State & Lake Stop). I would stay here again. I can really think of nothing negative to say. Bottom line... great 3 star hotel, safe area, good location.
22. I booked this hotel through hotwire and was very happily surprised. We wanted a room close to the Magnificent Mile and we could not have found a better location. The entrance is tiny and the hotel does not appear to be great upon entering (turn right after the street entrance to find the clerks). The room itself is quite small, but very nice and clean. The bath room was also small but very functional. The average day time temp was 90F and the hotel AC kept up very well. The bed was very comfortable and had nice linens. We also had a room on the 22nd floor and we treated to an amazing view of the drawbridges on the river. They have recyclable water bottles and water filling stations throughout the building. Very handy for the hot weather we experienced!! The hotel is close to great restaurants (the Pizza at the onsite hotel was excellent as was the service!). We booked well ahead of time to get our deal ($150/night).
23. Have stayed in many hotels in chicago and this is the smallest room I have ever stayed in. The housekeeping was a bit hit and miss some days coffee some days none!The plus points were free internet in the lounge and a water cooler which you could fill with the available bottles on each floor which saves a few bucks each day. The reception staff were a bit snooty for us holiday makers , witnessed very different treatment of business travellers.
24. This is a really great find, in a superb location. The rooms although small are beautifully designed, comfortably and stylishly equipped with just about everything you could want, (except perhaps a fridge). The bathrooms, equally compact, do offer plenty of shelf space, make up mirrors, hairdryers and Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. A thoughtful touch in the rooms is a selection of reading matter (fiction, non fiction, personal development and reference in my room) and I very much appreciate the provision of water, high speed internet and incidentals like washing powder in the guest laundry. There are closets on each floor stocked with extra pillows, blankets, irons, ironing boards, milk, sugar etc so that guests can help themselves to what they need, whenever they want it. I stayed here on business (and it is particularly suited to the needs of the business traveller), but would happily return to this hotel for a holiday.
25. The hotel is perfect for the weekend getaway for couples. While the rooms are small, we found it very clean and had a great view of the Chicago River (ask for this when booking). Hotel staff was great with dining, touring, and entertainment suggestions, as well as directions, transportation suggestions, etc. The location could not be better in relation to attractions, theatre, shopping, and tours. Perfect hotel for our needs. We can;t wait to go back to this great city and hotel. Great weekend rates.
26. Didnit' care for the size of the room based on room rate of $124.00. Confusing lobby used for both River Hotel and Club Quarters. Did not like using room keycard to use the elevator. Not necessaary since my friend stayed a couple blocks away at the Hyatt Rengency and the elevator ran as expected without using room keycard. Also, she had a bigger room for under $190.00 for the same night.
27. I booked this hotel in August '07 for a weekend baseball series between the Red Sox and White Sox. I was very satisfied with the amenities of the club sized room (bed and bathroom) but it was small. The only problem I had is that the walls were thin and unfortunately early Saturday morning I had to hear a couple having sexual intercourse for 30 minutes which interrupted my sleep. Other than that, this hotel is highly recommended.
28. Great location and extremely friendly and helpful staff. I was made to feel very welcome from the moment I arrived and the duty manager (Tim??) couldn't do enough for me. I was given a room with a view without negotiation! The location could not be better - just off Michigan Ave and next door to a great breakfast bakery. Enjoy!
29. This hotel is conveniently located along Wacker and is close to a few subway stops. Depending on the room you get (we got 1804), you can get gorgeous views of Lake Michigan. When we arrived at 12pm, staff were friendly and we got our room straight away. There are two elevators that cater the higher levels, so be prepared to wait a while if there is a lot of traffic. The room itself was standard; clean, not particularly spacious, shower only, working TV, toiletries, coffee and free internet. The queen bed was comfortable. For $100, it wasn't a bad deal.
30. They charge your credit card at the time of booking NOT at time of arrival. DO NOT DO THIS! This is a scam-ish deal. They will not refund if something goes wrong...... ALSO they turned off heating system. NO HEATER!!!! Temps out were 50ish... NO fun cold room and very hard bed.
31. I suppose my only real grip about the hotel (which was not the hotel's fault) is that we paid way too much for it. We stayed during Chicago Marathon weekend and we booked through Hotwire. We stayed in the tower which did have a nice view but was probably a bit smaller than rooms in the main building. There was room to swing a cat but it would have had been a pretty small cat. For example, our room had an iron and ironing board but I'm not entirely sure that there was room to set up the ironing board. On the other hand, there were several panels of windows with good views, including part of Millenium Park. The room was generally quiet but I think we faced the Hard Rock Hotel so on Saturday night we heard music until the wee hours. The location was good though, just across the bridge from the Magnificant Mile, close to subway and bus lines. It was great having free internet and printing access. We had little interaction with the staff but they seemed friendly and nice. I wouldn't really recommend the Italian restaurant in the lobby, hoever, unless you just wanted a quick bite. There are better places for alot less. If I had stayed there for business, I think I would have rated the hotel higher. It really is pretty ideal for the business road warrior with queen bed, lots of outlets, and desk. For a weekend get away kind of place, I wouldn't recommend it. It just lacked any ambiance, had a small room, and a smaller shower only bathroom. It was ok just not great.
32. We stayed at Club Quarters Wacker Dr. Chicago on New Yeqar's Eve. There were four of us. We booked a room with two double beds. I haven't seen beds so small since the Dick VanDyke Show. These were Rob and Laura beds! There was barely room for one person on each bed, much less two. Of course they had no other rooms available. So we requested two roll aways. They kept insisting that we didn't have room for two. The room was extremeley small, but we knew we could make it work. After putting the night stand in the closet, pushing the two single beds together, and shoving the furniture against the wall, we had room. They argued with us nonstop, and finally told us that they would try two. Well, needless to say, upon returning at 3:00 AM, there was only one roll away. The front desk staff was very rude. Sure, they were crabby, but we were the ones who didn't have enough room to sleep. We ended up having to just deal with it. They were also very rude when we ordered a pizza. You have to go down and pick it up as they do not allow delivery people in the hotel. The desk staff was short with us when we didn't understand the procedure at first. Yes, we had had a few cocktails along the way, but we weren't beligerant or sloppy drunk. We were actually quite nice considering the way we were being treated. I understand that the last place they probably wanted to be was there working as all the partiers came in from their festivities, however, it is their job, and they chose it. Had the staff not been so rude, the lack of sleeping space would not have been quite as tough to take. We will never book with CLub Quarters again!
33. I would highly recommend you this hotel. It's in really nice location to down town Chicago and rooms are really tidy and modern. I liked big bath room. Free wireless internet and laundry were really nice. They have nice cold drinking water in the hallway. Gim opens 5AM-10 PM. I will definetly come back here! !
34. Room was clean and well maintained. Small but not cramped. The desk was well appointed with an LCD monitor on an arm, several outlets, interconnect cables, reading lamp and a shelf. Very comfortable working chair. Bathroom was for 1 but had plenty of space. Shower not a tub. Toilet was European style flush of 2 different water volumes. Good use of space for cabinet drawers and closet in the room. Free bottled water on every floor--fill it yourself near the elevator. Great feature. I found a closet in the hallway near the elevator where guests self-serve ironing board, iron, extra blankets, etc. Nice touch. To check into the room, just insert your credit card into the kiosk in the small lobby. Confirm a few details and out pops your room keys/cards. Must use the cards in the elevator to get to your floor. Restaurant next to the lobby is room service. Overall, it's a self-service hotel with little staff. But it's efficient, clean, well designed, in a great location and a great value at $139/night.
35. This is not a luxury hotel. but offers a good value for money. Excellent location in the heart of Chicago, in the historical Mather Tower. The room was large enough, clean, with a view on east Wacker drive and Chicago river. Free Wi-Fi internet.The restaurant (Bella Bacino's) is great for a Chicago style stuffed pizza.
36. We had a few family members in Chicago for the weekend, so we booked a room at the River Hotel because of the location. It's close to Wacker Drive and the room was contemporary albeit on the small side. Went out to meet a few people for dinner and we came back finding out that the AC was not working. We alerted the staff at the lobby and realized that the maintenance guy had left for the day. How can the hotel not have a maintenance person 24 hours a day? Needless to say, we were shocked to hear about it. We did not pay more than $150 and get a room that is as warm as an oven. When the staff learnt about our story, they unempathetically asked us to open the windows instead!!! Mind you, that does not make any sense considering the weather outside was about 90 F. They then offered to move us to another location away from the river but we refused because we chose the location for a reason and it is an unnecessary inconvenience to us at our expense. It was not our fault to begin with. After that they offered us a crappy fan which finally worked when we gave it a few knocks. It was a warm and miserable night for our family who came all the way to Chicago expecting something wonderful from this hotel. The next morning, we mentioned about it at the front desk again and all they could do was apologized. Not a single time did they compensate us in a form of a lower rate for putting us through this. After all, we did not sign up for a room which has AC problems. After much complains, the staff finally offer us a free upgrade if we come back the next time. That is not acceptable. What is the use of a free upgrade if the AC is not going to work?? Well, we won't be coming back anyways. He can keep his offer. You shouldn't come here either.
37. I'm amazed at the bad reviews -- my wife and I had absolutely no complaints. It's a small hotel/condo combination in a beautifully-restored historic building, right on the river on East Wacker. So you can be perfectly situated downtown for half the price of the Swisshotel and the Hyatt Monster a couple of blocks westward. You can check yourself in on automated kiosks, although staffers will do it for you without your asking. We didn't encounter a single rude employee -- if anything, they were more friendly and accommodating than average. We had a "junior suite" (meaning a slightly bigger room with a queen bed & sofa) with a river view, which was quite comfortable. I can't think of a single thing to complain about, other than the lack of an in-room safe, one of my pet peeves. Internet was wireless and free. This is the downtown hotel of choice, as far as we are concerned.
38. Best thing about the hotel is its location. You're a 90 second walk from Michigan Avenue. The parking is not bad for a downtown Chicago hotel. There is valet service or self-parking. The garage is just north of Michigan Avenue and takes fewer than three minute walk. The Chicago L station is less than a ten minute walk. Our room was small, but nicely appointed. Free wireless access was appreciated. Bed was average and bathroom was clean. Room was pretty dark when the curtains were closed. Staff was friendly. They brought up a luggage cart when we left and delivered toothbrushes when we realized we forgot to pack them. Some things to keep in mind that some may see as negatives, but didn't really bother me because we were there just to sleep. This isn't a full-service hotel. * there's not a convenient circular drive to drive up your car where a bellmen will greet you and take your bags * there is no conceriege service * the lobby is miniscule so checked bags are not readily available (given space constraints) There are only four elevators for this 20+ floor hotel. One was not working the morning we left, so there was a very, very long wait. Signs were present noting their environmental concerns. We hanged the towels as directed, but they were still swapped out, rather than allowing us to reuse them. I hate that. All in all, if you're looking for a moderately priced hotel in downtown Chicago that is close to Michigan Avenue with relatively easy access to parking and the L, this is the place for you. If you're looking for a snazzy business or conference hotel, this will likely disappoint you.
39. Would stay here again without a second thought if it weren't for the anemic air conditioning that kept room just bearable. Not what you want in the summer. Restaurant in hotel is good for breakfast but best avoided for lunch and dinner for its lackluster menu with inconsistent quality. Pizza had flavorless frozen crust flavor and texture - and its an Italian restaurant in Chicago! Loved the location - loved the modern room aesthetics - again the AC is the bummer.
40. My husband and I stayed here Wed. through Sun. last week. Previous reviewers complained about the thin walls and small rooms, but we found our room to be fine for two people. Our room was right off of the elevator and the only time we heard people was through the door. I know we had a neighbor, but we never heard anything through the walls. The free cold bottled water in the hallways is a great idea. You do have to go to the basement to get ice though. Room was clean and bed was comfortable. The Italian restaurant downstairs was tasty and reasonable. There is a Corner Bakery a few doors down which is great for breakfast. Booking with Hotels.com gave us a very reasonable rate for a hotel just half a block from Michigan Ave. and a few blocks from the Red and Brown lines. A very easy walk to the Art Institute and Millenium Park.
41. We spent Father's Day in Chicago. My husband has been a life long Cubs fan so I gave him tickets for a game at Wrigley Field. I was not familiar with Chicago and after researching many locations/hotels I decided on the River Hotel. Best decision!! The hotel is nice with a great staff. When I made the reservation, I asked for a river view and they remembered that request at check in. The room was clean and not as small as people have described. The location is the best. We walked up and down the River Walk, to great restaurants and the train is just a block away. A cab fare to Wrigley field was $11. The staff in the Bella Bacino's restaurant were just great! If you stop in, say Hi to Crystal. We will always stay at the River Hotel when in Chicago. Don't understand the negative reviews - guess not everyone can be pleased.
42. We stayed at the River Hotel in October 2011 -- were on the fifth floor on a Saturday night. Price enticed us to stay there -- I think it was $149 a night for the one room suite for 3. My husband, our 11-year-old son and I live in the Chicago suburbs and wanted to spend an overnight in the city. Pros: Location! Cannot get any better than Wacker and Michigan if you are going to do the Magnificent Mile, Millenium Park, Loop and Theatre District. Price! Other hotels in the area were charging twice as much. (Note, it does appear that River Hotel is charging more these days, though River Hotel does seem to still be on lower end of nicer hotels.) Refillable Bottled Water stations on each floor -- no biggie when it's zero outside, but big plus when it's 90 and humid. Attentive doorman -- can get you a cab right away when it is zero outside. Nice lobby with a small restaurant/bar. Small but clean rooms. Cons: Small rooms -- I would only recommend this hotel for business travelers or very short stays. There is little room for luggage. Noise at night -- see location. Our room was filled with city sounds at night. Perhaps the higher floors might not have this feature. Overall, a great place for an overnight. We will be back.
43. The first thing you have to understand about Club Quarters hotels is that the size of the room is part of the experience. How else would a nice looking hotel in prime location offer such inexpensive prices? $130 for me on a Monday night...other hotels (including Hotel 71 next-door) were $299 and above. The hotel facade faces the river (I had a river-facing view, thanks to the great staff, and it was beautiful) and there are plenty of restaurants (the corner bakery cafe next door is fabulous...walked 1 block to the Hard Rock hotel and ate at China Grill). Bed wasn't too comfortable -- it was two twins put together with a foam connector to make a King... -- but I've stayed in my worse. Bathroom doesn't have a ton of counter space, but it was very clean. Wi-fi was free (I was at the tail end of the signal so my speed was very slow). I would stay here again if other, nicer hotels have cheaper rates...but for $130 it well exceeded by expectations.
44. I stayed in this hotel for a week during a business trip to Chicago and I simply cannot understand the bad reviews. Yes, the size of the room was small, but I only went there to sleep. Everything was always immaculately clean and there is everything you need (including free wireless Internet). Besides, the location of the hotel is second to none, the restaurant downstairs is OK and the service seemed excellent to me. The only thing that keeps me from giving it a five-star rating are the two elevators, which clearly are insufficient for such a number of rooms.
45. I was here in mid February and I gotta say, it truly is an amazing hotel. Clean, comfortable for the price. I got a great deal at around $89 a night. Right off of Michigan Avenue, convenient location. The staff was amazing. Rooms were so clean and had so much attention to detail. I have read some of the reviews regarding room size and I stayed in one of the smaller rooms available. It was good enough for just me. I was not in the room anyway, only to sleep so I did not care about a large room. I thought the room size was good enough. They offer larger rooms so if you did have a problem witht the room size, you can always upgrade. I recommend this hotel to anyone, for business or pleasure!
46. This hotel is one of the best kept secrets in Chicago! Yes, the rooms are small and really designed for only one person; however, how much time does anyone really spend in their room? The staff were wonderful, the bed was extremely comfortable, the amenities were the same as what you would expect in a larger and more well-known place. The best part was the location - right in the middle of everything. We were able to walk everywhere with no trouble. If there was any downside, I would have to say it would be the restaurant downstairs - it wasn't one of the best in town, but adequate for breakfast. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Chicago!
47. I stayed at this hotel for two nights while visiting Chicago on business in September 2007. The location is excellent being between the financial district and the Magnificent Mile. However, the elevators simply do not work properly, and it is not the place to stay should you need to get to and from your room quickly or frequently. I saw several customers have trouble getting to their rooms, and the front desk staff were nonchalant, and would not even allow customers to take the stairs. (This is obviously a persistent problem.) Nevertheless, it is probably good value for your money, and in a good location.
48. I just returned from a weekend in Chicago to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday - and we stayed at the River Hotel. I cannot believe the bad reviews that some have given this hotel - unless they are just the sort of folks that you cannot make happy no matter what you do. We got to the hotel to check in, and were very quickly assisted by Tim - who was fabulous! When he discovered that we were in town for my daughter's birthday - he fixed us up with a couple of passes into a local club and was super-friendly. :) Our room was on the 10th floor and faced North - so we had THE most beautiful view!! It looked right out over the river and we could also see west down the river across all the bridges. The room was a superior/studio - it was not huge - but the perfect size for the two of us. There was also a sleeper sofa in the room, so it will actually sleep 4 people. The room was immaculately clean - and the bed was super-comfortable. We also ate one night downstairs at Bella Bacino's - and the staff there is also friendly. I had taken two bottles of wine with me and realized that I did not remember the corkscrew and the bartender at the restaurant opened them for me. This hotel is actually one of the more moderately priced hotels in downtown - and I will definitely stay here again when the opportunity presents itself! Great value and a great hotel!!!!! Thanks River Hotel for a memorable weekend!
49. Sleek hotel in the best location there is in Chicago--right on the Chicago River and Michigan. I had a 10th floor room with a view right down the river with its numerous bridges. The room was really a nice sized room, though it was called a suite. My room was super quiet-I never heard another guest during my 48 hour stay. In fact, though the hotel was full, I never saw another guest on my floor. There was free Wi-Fi access.
50. Location and cleanliness of the room ar perfect. But first, the staff is really not interested in giving you some tourist information nor do they have documentations to help you on the attractions. Second, I lost a silver ring in my room and when I called 5 hours later, they could not find it... So I seriously doubt about their honesty... Finally, on one night, there was a party of people on my floor and even if I called the front desk twice, they could not warn them to make less noise (even at 5 in the morning). So I could not have a good night sleep. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone..
51. My husband son and I booked this hotel through the recommendation of my brother who was getting married at the aon center. I booked a room that said it had 2 double beds .When we arrived we found the 2 doubl beds to be two beds pushed together in a room that seemed to be a little bit bigger than a closet. The room we were assigne d never did cool off and with the weather outside being so hot and humid outside it became a huge issue. They eventually gave us another room witch was muchj cooler a slightly larger than the one we had before.The elevator issue really bugged me. It took forever to swipe your card to get the elevator moving. I did like the location because we could just park in a parking garage and then walk or take public transportation if we wanted. Also the desk clerk we dealt with was very helpful. I could not really stand the small rooms so I do not think I would stay there again.
52. I stayed at the hotel for a week in late August. I knew that rooms were considered small be some reviewers, but I did not find them to be cramped. The check-in/check-out procedure was good. The public areas were fine. I normally had no problem getting to use a computer in the public area. My room was clean and generally well kept by staff. The location is great if you walk, use public transit or the trolley system (paid one) for tourists. The hotel has a small bar and the restaurant is fine. My only concern would be as construction on Trump Tower across the river progresses that noise levels may get high. It was not a problem at my visit. I had a fine few of the Chicago River. My visit was good and I would stay again. it is not an awesome experience, but it did not create stress or disappoint.
53. My husband booked this hotel for a weekend trip. Thankfully I will only be here 2 nights. It's clean & would be great for a business trip or something like that. It's very tiny & I was on the 17th floor with no view. There is a walk in shower with a very sad shower curtain. The bed is okay, but mine @ home is nicer. It's not terrible, but it just isn't somewhere I would ever stay...ever...& definitely not for an anniversary trip. When we go away it's usually to a place with deluxe accomodations to relax & rejuvenate from our hectic lives & this is not up to my standards. I'm very disappointed. There is a good little italian restaurant connected to it.
54. This is located by wacker and michigan its a very good location, theres restaurants within close walking distance. Walls are too thin between rooms, I can actually hear the guy next door snore. Room fixtures are basic. Small rooms but adequate. Free bottled water unlimited - great! They should have these plastic bottles recycled though. Free wireless connection Booked through booking.com and paid 95 dollars total for a night. if there are other hotels in the area with lower or comparable price, I might choose the other. If not then I can live with this hotel.
55. My wife and I were excited to get a weekend away without our kids. The plate was set: Grandma/Grandpa had the kids, our flight was actually on time, easy transit to the hotel from Midway and then we open the door to our room...... It was a stinkin closet!!! There wasn't even room on either side of the bed to walk on. It looked nothing like the pictures that were on the internet. I immediately called and complained. They hesitantly moved us to another room the next day, but I heard from several others that they got the same deal and were not able to be moved. Additionally, due to the "Linen Man" moving towels up and down the 2nd elevator, we had to wait 45 min. 2X to get down to the lobby. We were livid and almost missed our flight. Not much for ammenaties at the hotel. Very small italian resteraunt at the bottom floor with a bad menu. Luckily the location was good and easy walking distance to other restaurants. We paid an avg of $200 per night including tax. This was one of the cheapest hotels we could find and now I see why.....
56. This was a girls trip to a 40th birthday. My girlfriend and I shared the 1 bedroom suite, which was smaller than we thought, but the view was amazing! Called the night before arriving and spoke with the manager (Tim) who was so sweet to take our request (a river view) into consideration. We got it (keep in mind, we checked in on a Thursday night). The staff was so pleasant, the rooms very clean, everything was perfect! I am all about location, and this is the PERFECT area! Lovely restaurant downstairs, a Walgreens right around the corner for spirits, fun little pubs/bars across the street, the River tour right across the street, Magnificent Mile right there, Hancock building a $7 cab ride (go to the top and have lunch/dinner and enjoy the best view of the city), this is one of the cleanest cities I have ever seen (yes, it's the location). Plus, free internet connection! I just love this place, I can afford more, but why pay more? The beds are so comfy also. This was a pleasant surprise. I can't wait to go back! If you are all about sight seeing and not being in the room much, this is the hotel for you! Also, if you can catch the Segway tour, do it! !
57. Rooms are small. Staff less than friendly. In fact, at check-in the hotel clerk advised me my deposit would be returned to me immediately, but they were not. Its now been 5 days. Why do they get to make interest off my funds, and more important why do I have to pay interest for incidental charges I didn't even incur. Furthemore, we could not even sit in the lounge aea in the restaurant in the bar because it was rented out. Not to mention they were doing filming right in front of the hotel so pretty much every time we went in or out we had to wait anyhere from 10 to 30 minutes. There was no advance warning of this nor even an apology for the inconvenience from the hotel. And don't even get me started about film clean up crew scraping metal to road and the beep beep beep of trucks backing up whle the flm clean up crew worked from approx. 11 pm to 1:30 am. Hmm, do they care about their guests? But the bed was firm and comfortable.
58. this was a surprisingly comfortable 2 bd 2 bath suite w/a compact kitchen that included 2 burner stove, mini fridge, microwave and service for 4 in the cabinets. Had 3 flat screens, one in each bedroom and one in the common sitting area. king bed in one rm, queen bed in the other. No view. The space was great for the 3 of us and would be good for families. There are no bedroom doors, just partitions, so be aware if complete privacy is needed. Best thing was the terrific location just steps off Mag Mile and close to Millennium Park. tons of restaurants nearby. Walking distance to all of Chicago's downtown attractions or short bus/taxi rides for those who prefer to ride.The rate was quite reasonable-we booked a couple of months in advance. Would absolutely stay again.
59. My husband and I went to Chicago for our 30th wedding anniversary. He had stayed at the River Hotel for a conference and loved it so we decided to go together. There is nothing negative I can say. This hotel's location is perfect, right on the Chicago River, in easy walking distance to Lake Michigan, Magnificent Mile, Millenium Park, the Art Institute, the Symphony, fabulous restaurants, everything! The CTA from O'Hare lands you just a couple blocks from the hotel's door. Our room overlooked the Chicago River! Very European design in the rooms, small but modern, beautifully appointed. The service was perfect and the price, for some reason, is much better than many of the chain hotels in the area. They even have chilled water dispensers with empty water bottles on every floor. We used this feature constantly. I can't say enough about this perfect little boutique hotel. Even the architecture of the building is stunning!
60. Our recent stay at The River Hotel started off wonderfully due mostly to the very central location of the hotel between Michigan Ave and Wabash along the river. However we quickly realized that our air conditioning wasn't working. I called the desk three times to report this. They did send up an engineer who confirmed that our unit wasn't working and then disappeared without fixing anything and we never saw him again. It made for a very uncomfortable stay, as our room was 80 degrees with no fresh air the entire time. Upon checkout the lady took off one night's charge for valet in order to try to mitigate my disappointment. I would have rather paid the second night of valet and been more comfortable for the weekend. The service was all very friendly but not terribly helpful. We checked in with many bags and were not offered help from the valets or the front desk with carrying the bags or offering a trolly to push them to our room. The price and location were outstanding, but next time I will pay more and stay somewhere more accomodating.
61. Having never been to Chicago before I wanted something central, so based on reviews on here I took a chance on the River Hotel. I was not disapointed. From the minute we arrived the staff were very friendly and helpful, and the room was clean, modern and very comfortable. The location of this place is it's greatest selling point, right on the river and central to all the tourist places. I loved the city and I loved this hotel, will be going back to both for sure.
62. The great location is my favorite aspect of this hotel. Just steps off Michigan Ave., and very near the red line subway. Staff was friendly, rooms are small, but the sheets and pillows are heavenly. Bathroom is also nice. They even had books in the room for you to look at. Would definitely stay again.
63. We got a great deal staying here and for the price, it may have been one of the best deals EVER! $150 a night for 5 day's while I was in a class at the Sears tower. Elephant & Castle in the hotel for Breakfast was convenient as well. I moved rooms once because of construction noise with no hassle at all. Given the fact it was down town, I was okay with a little extra noise.
64. The "Executive" room was tiny - barely room to walk around the bed to get to the window. The wireless internet access didn't work. The TV remote didn't work (it was broken on the TV end). And those are the only two amenities. The elevators are finicky and you have to press the buttons just right to get them to work. To get to the gym or vending machines, you take two separate elevators into a creepy, gross, dirty basement. (One is the freight elevator.) When I asked for a rate reduction because of the problems, first I was scolded by the front desk clerk who said I should have reported the TV problem the night before. (I had - they couldn't fix it.) She also said the wireless had been down for 2 days (not mentioned when i checked in, however.) Then she said they wouldn't adjust the rate (over $200!) because I had booked online, via Hotels.com. Hotels.com will only offer "hotel bucks" towards a future booking, but i can't imagine using them ever again, knowing that hotels don't provide the same level of customer service as they do if you book direct.
65. We really enjoyed our stay here! We chose it because it was the cheapest we could find in downtown Chicago and totally lucked out. The location was perfection: close to everything we wanted to see, as well as transportation. We even had two views of the Chicago River from our room! The room wasn't huge, but it was well laid out and we had enough space for our needs. Attractive furnishings and no ugly floral bedspreads! Yeay! Super clean. I'm usually skeeved out by several aspects of most hotel rooms but can whole-heartedly recommend this place. Oh, and they had cookies in lobby during the afternoon. How can you not love that?
66. Working in Chicago the Club Quarters on Wacker was notably cheap on my company travel agents list and it was local to where I would be working so I tried it. The building is quite impressive upon arrival - a grand old brownstone building with polished brass appointments. Check in staff were very friendly and efficient. The room was very disappointingly small: it was too small really to work in comfortably. However there's free wireless and a small desk to work at. I had to keep the curtains drawn all the time because the window was not double glazed and felt like it was open, such was the loss of heat through it to the Chicago winter outside. Not great. Bed was comfortable. Coffee machine but no minibar, which wasn't very convenient. There is an Italian themed restaurant : Bacino's : just outside the foyer that serves as a hotel restaurant. Food was OK , atmosphere and service quite, quite excellent in the evening. An oddity was that I wanted to hire a conference room during my stay and I had to contact the catering manager at Bela Bacino's.. ... I was unsuccessful, and had to meet my customer in another hotel instead. Finally I had to check out early and found an early checkout charge. Fair enough I guess, but that's the first time I have ever encountered this is a business hotel. It was an OK stay, but with so many better , more spacious hotels available in Chicago I see no reason to stay there again.
67. Room was well worth the money. Valet was very accommodating and pleasant. Perfect location right off corner of Wacker & Michigan Ave along river. GoChicago cards and info right across street. River taxis go between Michigan Ave and Navy Pier. House of Blues right across river. Room was small but very clean. Nothing fancy, but still nice.
68. This hotel is located across the river from the Trump Hotel which makes it walkable to Michigan Ave, Millenium Park and possibly even Navy Pier. Rooms are nice, sleek and clean but SMALL. How often have you stayed at a hotel and asked for a "late checkout"? Has any hotel wanted to charge you for it? Well, this hotel charges $35 for late checkout! We had a situation, where my mom, a senior, was traveling with me and was injured the nite of our stay at an outing. We ended up having to go the hospital emergency room and didn't return to our room until 3:00 am. When we woke at 11:00 am, we were hoping they'd allow us a late check out so we'd have time to get some food, especially since she is diabetic. The hotel would make no exception or allowance. We had to hurry and pack. We'd prefer to have eaten and then packed up. Because of this insensitivity I've had to lower the rating of the hotel.
69. I had a Mommy-runaway-for-the-weekend trip Mar 30-Apr 2, 2006 and stayed in a "Director's Room." Queen-sized bed, two bedside tables, arm chair, desk and chair, little closet, little bathroom with slightly oversized shower. I was alone and out of the room most often so the size was fine. A professional membership got me the room for $76/night which, for right-in-the-middle-of-everything-Chicago isn't bad at all. I walked to the Art Institute, the Symphony, the Ann Taylor Loft store, and the House of Blues without a problem. Parking on the next block was $20+ a day without in/out. As a woman alone, I wasn't wild about the subterranean parking garage, but it was well lit and there was an ancient man acting as a guard. The little restaurant downstairs was terrific and I ate there both nights. Try the asparagus and prosciutto salad with a glass of Valpolicella and the white pizza. There's a coffee shop just outside the hotel that was delicious. Overall, it's not a luxury hotel, the rooms aren't huge, but the room had the necessities and a nice view.
70. I arrived on Monday 23 April in the Evening, after a long haul flight from Dublin to Chicago O'Hare. Stayed Six nights. Got the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) Blue Line into Clark and Lake Station. After a long flight, it was a relief to find such a quiet, clean and cosy hotel. some other reviews said rooms here were small, but i thought my room fine for two, even though i had the double bed room to myself. Hotel is well located for seeing the sights of Chicago and shopping is within walking distance on State Street (Best for bargains) and Michigan Avenue (High End Shopping). Check out the Italien American Restaurent on the Ground Floor. Excellent Breakfasts, and evening meals are very good too. Other good eateries Seafood, Steak, etc.are in the immediate neighbourhood. Other Plus Points- Complimentary Internet Access for Residents. Ask the Concierges anything. They are very helpful, in particular, Kevin and Tim. They certainly know their city!
71. We three gals booked the two bedroom suite well in advance so we got an unbelievable rate. I'd be hard pressed to think of a better location-access to North Mich, Millenium Park/Art Institute, the Loop, the Riverwalk...the room was beautifully appointed, great bathrooms, comfortable bedding, kitchenette, quiet...no view from the 2 BRs but that wasn't of particular concern to us. It does share an entrance with Club Quarters but I'm not sure they're actually affiliated with each other so the comments about Club Quarters may not apply. Though we were doing the girlfriend thing this suite would also be great for two couples who don't require tons of privacy- there's no door - and terrific for a family group that would be accomodated by one king and one queen bed. The sitting area was great for hanging out and though we only used the kitchen to store beverages and snacks I could see bringing take out up there, heating up leftovers, etc. There's a Corner Bakery right next door, also a huge plus for the early morning coffee run-though there were also in-room coffee makers. Another nice touch was filtered water & water bottles you could fill up in the hallway. I would stay there again in a heartbeat! Just reserve far in advance for a really good rate.
72. Booked hotel on Orbitz. Asked for adjoining rooms. Advised to call hotel direct for that. Spoke to Virginia at hotel on 3 separate occasions. She said adjoining rooms weren't available but we could get rooms that were next to each other. Got to hotel early & was told check in was at 3. Went back to hotel at 3:45, only to be told rooms weren't ready. Hotel staff wouldn't promise a room, although we had already paid Orbitz. Hotel staff said we should have booked directly w/the hotel. After lots of frustration and anger we were finally placed in a suite with two BR & two baths. We were traveling with our son, daughter-in-law, two small grandchildren & our daughter. (Had booked a smoking room for her) Once in the suite, we determined it wasn't large enough for all of us. At that point my husband & I were placed in a standard room (had booked a suite), which wasn't next to our family as requested. Our original hotel was Club Quarters. Virginia had moved us to the River Hotel because she said 'It was newer'. Smoking is only allowed at Club Quarters, so we weren't even in the same hotel as our daughter. She couldn't come to our room/hotel & we couldn't go to hers because the elevators are operated by room keys. The next day we tried the hotel's small restaurant for breakfast. Our granddaughter ordered chocolate milk and french toast. We were informed they had no chocolate for the milk and were out of french toast. All in all, it was VERY frustrating for our whole family. Also, when we asked to speak to management on the first day, we were informed that no one was available until Mon. What a mess this turned out to be! We will DEFINITELY never stay at this place again! !
73. My friend and I arrived early and we were able to check in right away. The room was small but very managable.. The beds were comfortable. There was free purified water on our floor with water bottles so we were able to fill and go.. I would stay there again, for leisure.. The location was awesome, was able to walk every where.. We were near trump tower, the Michigan Ave bridge and not far from Grant Park.. I enjoyed the hote and the staff. Laundry service for those that need to wash something and btw they were not coin operated..the hotel even had detergent in the room that you could use.. The elevators were alittle slow, but all in all a great hotel..
74. I took my 6 year old daughter to Chicago for an end of summer vacation. This hotel was perfect for us! We got a room with 2 twin beds for $139 (plus tax, which for Chicago is really high). The location was a block away from the free trolley stop (which takes you to the museums, Marshall Fields, Navy Pier, etc.) , and right across the river from several boat tour options. There is also a Corner Bakery right next door which was great for breakfast and lunch. There's so much to do within just a few blocks. We were on the 21st floor and had an outstanding view of the river. I feel like we just could not have done better than this hotel. Yes, the room is small, but it had everything we needed.
75. This is a decent hotel for business travelers. A very nice feature is the nice business center and free use of the printer. However, the printer was broken for much of my stay and the wi-fi is weak if you stay in the towers. Also, the staff are very hit-or-miss. I firmly believe that you shouldn't judge the quality of a hotel based on interaction with one or two staff, but many of the staff were unwelcoming and treated guests as if they were a hassle. The rooms are small, but adequate. The price is reasonable. The location is really very nice...just off the magnificent mile. You can walk to everything.
76. location - can't do better than this - just off Michigan Ave and straddling the Loop and Magnificent Mile plus there is a fabulous Italian Restaurant on site Price - very competitive Rooms - fine - some great views history - one of Chicago's really interesting and historic buildings - stay in the tower overlooking the river for business - great board rooms and plenty of computer stations (never a line up) and free printing staff - very good beds - not the same comfort that you'd get at the Hilton
77. River Hotel was really an amazing experience as a boutique hotel. I was in town for biz and booked through Amex package to secure a really great rate. I was upgraded to a suite with river views upon check-in, which made my life much better. Apparently other rooms are signifcantly smaller, or have poor views, also no in house mini fridge. I was there for a week so these amenities were crucial for me. The internet was great, bed small and firm, but nice. I liked upgraded bathroom as well. The rooms are certainly tiny, but you are in downtown Chicago at a great rate and with incredible views. This isn't your typical boxy corporate hotel - enjoy it! Valet parking was an added cost that I was not expecting, but it wasn't so bad - and I really enjoyed having my car pulled around for me and put away for me. As I was rushing to work each morning it made life SO much easier than trying to find parking or pay way too much for a garage 10 blocks away.
78. Across the street/river from Trump Tower, close to Millenium Park, Magnificent Mile, Willis Tower, John Hancock Observatory and downtown shopping. We also walked to Shedd Aquarium and Navy Pier. The United Centre (hockey/basketball) was 6 miles so it was a short cab ride. We had a suite since there was three of us and we needed the sofa bed.Great kitchenette with microwave and fridge. Clean and comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful. We'll definitely stay here next time we travel to Chicago.
79. We've been to Chicago several times and I think this hotel stay was my favorite. Other travelers complain about the small rooms, but I would gladly give up space for the beautiful river view we had. We enjoyed having a microwave and refrigerator in our room and the free wireless internet was a great plus. True- the elevators were a bit slow in the morning because of the cleaning staff using the same 2 elevators as the guests, but I planned for it and was never late for anything. My spouse, 2 friends and myself spent a week there in July would all highly recommend this hotel.
80. The hotel was in walking distance of most major attractions- parks, museums and shopping. Our room was on the 21st floor and we had a great view of the river. The rooms were small, but comfortable. The food at the restaurant was very good. We took the train from the airport (only $2.25 each) and the hotel was about 5-6 blocks away from where we got off. For the price we paid and the amount of time we spent in our room this was a great deal.
81. My boyfriend and I are in college and went to Chicago for spring break. This hotel was perfect. Right on Wacker and Michigan avenue...in the heart of the city. We walked everywhere! The staff was very helpful, we arrived at 10 am and got to check in early and the concierge helped us figure out where to eat lunch and where to begin our day. It's incredibly clean and safe. You have to have your key in order to use the elevator. The rooms aren't small, they are just long and narrow. I could foresee it being a problem for someone who wants to relax at the hotel, but it is still very nice...and who goes to Chicago to lay around in the hotel room anyway? I'm an architecture major and would like to note that this hotel is in the historic lincoln tower, a 40 story structure which used to be the cities largest skyscraper...( many many years ago obviously!) Also, the beds have down comforters, the bathroom is quite large, looks newly remodeled and has a great shower. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that the wireless internet went in and out a few days that we were there. We called the front desk and they said it had been happening lately and they didn't know why...so perhaps it has been fixed now. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel for just about anyone who wants to be right in the center of downtown Chicago.
82. The hotels locaton is wonderful, but the rooms are tiny. I have never seen hotel rooms this small in the United States. The hotel is in a beautiful historic beaux arts office building, but the room have the charm of a dorm. The bathroom only had a shower and the closet was the size of a phone booth. The television is too small to see from the bed. The bedding was cheap. Room was very clean and in excellent condition. Elevators were very slow and required room card to operate. The sheer size of the room made it difficult for two people to share. Staff was very accommodating.
83. a great little hotel right in the heart of chicago and within walking distance of all the attractions chicago has to offer.Compared to other hotels in and around the area, I thought I got and absolute bargain through Expedia. Checked in within minutes and checked out in even less time by charming and helpful staff. Free computers to use,plus special computer to print out flight home boarding passes. Start your long day with a breakfast in restaurant just 50 metres away,or hotel restaurant. I would not hesitate to stay there again. One tip if you go up the Sears or Hancocks towers make sure its a cloudless day,if the clouds are low you wont see a thing!
84. This hotel is in a perfect location to downtown Chicago - couldn't ask for better! The public transportation/train system is excellent and the hotel is a short 5-10 minute walk to many of the lines. I took the train from O'Hare and it was super easy ! My room was a basic Club Quarters room - standard amenities. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would most definately stay there again on my next trip to Chicago -
85. Stayed here for two nights to visit Chicago. It was confusing to find details on the Internet because Club Quarters and River Hotel are both in the same building - not quite sure what the difference is but there were two reception desks. Many attractions, restaurants and bars are within walking distance and the public transport links are good. The room was nice with a huge bed and decent bathroom but there was no place to put your case other than on the ground. No hotel safe either. The check-in staff were mixed, one very friendly and helpful and the other disinterested. Overall I would recommend this hotel for the location and the price.
86. We stayed at Club Quarters in December. We were in town for the weekend to see Wicked. Its a very nice hotel in a great location. We were one block off of Michigan Ave and about 5 blocks from the theater district. If you're looking for a high end hotel this is not the hotel for you Yes the rooms are small but how long are you really in your room? The rooms were clean and thats really most important. When we arrived at 1230pm we were able to check in. We were told we could valet park for $36.00 or for $20.00 we could park for a 24 hour time limit in a parking garage right down the street. We opted for the $20.00 option. MAKE SURE YOU GET A TICKET!!! My husband did not get a ticket at the parking garage and when he inquired about it at the office in the parking garage the girl told him not to worry about it. Well on Sunday morning when he tried to get our car back it was an issue. You have to have a ticket to be able to get your car back. After about 15 minutes the issue was resolved and we got our car back. The entire staff was very helpful including the doorman. He was very helpful in getting us a cab. He ran down at least a block and flagged down a cab, he got in the cab with the driver and came back to the hotel so we could get our cab. It was a very nice thing to do considering the day we were there it was sleeting and raining and everyone in chicago was trying to get a cab at the same time. After reading all the bad reports on his hotel we were debating on switching to a different hotel. We never waited for an elevator, the rooms were clean, the location was great. Im glad we stayed here. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a resonable priced hotel near Michigan Ave.
87. If I thought I could find another hotel room this close to The Mart during NeoCon I'd check out. The room looked very nice at first glance. Then I noticed the bathroom floor not only hadn't been washed, it hadn't even been swept! A call to housekeeping produced no results. I've always been wary of using hotel provided glasses....have you ever actually seen a rack of clean glasses on the maid's cart to replace the used ones in the room??? Well ours still had the lipstick smears from prior guests. YUCK! I can't call a dirty room at any price a good value. "Sleepless from Seattle"
88. I usually stay here when I am in Chicago for business. The rooms are small but comfortable and clean. The bathroom is a extremely small but updated. This hotel is in a great location, walking distance to the magnificent mile. Great value for the location.
89. Fantastic location but for $200/night, I would have expected a larger room. My room was smaller than any hotel I've stayed at in NY, London or Hong Kong where rooms are notoriously small. There are many, many better options near the Mag Mile and in River North so look elsewhere.
90. We just returned from two nights in Chicago with a stay at this hotel. We've been to Chicago numerous times, but these accomodations were, by far, the best yet. We had booked on Priceline.com and when I called the hotel to inquire about additional sleeping accomodations because there were four of us...they upgraded us (for just an additional $30 each night) to a suite. The suite was room 410 and room 411 combined. We had two beds, a flip out chair/couch, two refrigerators, two bathrooms, two desks a microwave and PLENTY of room. Although this hotel caters to business travelers, the location and awesome arrangement made for a great family weekend. The room was newly remodeled, and everything was top-notch. The decor was very modern and tasteful. This location, on the corner of Michigan and Wacker really cannot be beat. You are within blocks of the Mag. Mile, a 2 minute walk to the subway, about 10 min. from Navy Pier, a couple of minutes from State Street shopping!!! We arrived early on July 3rd, and were allowed to check-in before noon. On the day we left, they held our luggage so we could walk around and enjoy some shopping before we had to catch the train. Now I feel spoiled, and really won't want to stay any other place when we visit Chicago.
91. My girlfriend and I stayed here New Year's day evening to experience some of downtown Chicago's treats. It was perfectly situated between the shopping north of the river and the cultural offerings due south off Michigan. Rooms are as you expect in a city -- small -- but the bed was clean and comfortable and we had a view of the river. The hotel was quiet this evening after the holiday weekend and the concierge was very helpful in getting us a taxi at 4:30 am to catch an early flight back west.
92. I stayed here for three days while working on a book about Chicago. The location is perfect, on the north end of the Loop and foot of the Mag Mile, buses at the door and the el just a few blocks away. I had a Tower room (just 2 on the floor and the other was empty) so it was very quiet. Staff was friendly and efficient. Housekeeping forgot to service my room one day but a call to the desk brought a housekeeper within minutes. Free WiFi throughout the hotel and a good business center. Strongly recommended for business travelers, good for couples or singles, OK for families with older kids.
93. This was to say the least the most dissapointing hotel room I have EVER seen. It was so small , no room at all in the tiny bathroom and stand up shower only.The end of the bed was less than 12 incehes from the wall so to get to the tv you had to scoot sideways to go to that side of the room. I never write reviews but this was ridiculous !! This was the superior room .......whatever that means .LOL
94. Perfect hotel for a single female traveller. The hotel was clean, convenient, and steps away from major attractions. Easy to access by public transportation. The room is smaller than average, but not too small, and the perfect size for a traveller who is not planning on spending much time in the hotel room anyway. Computers with internet access a plus. Friendly staff. The only gripe I had was the elevators...there are only two of them, so visitors can wait a while for them to arrive.
95. This hotel is the best value going. I'm a seasoned traveller so I have seen it all. Yes the rooms are smaller than normal but how much do you need when your so close to all the attractions. Plus they are like new inside. Went during the middle of the week so didn't have any problems with elevators or staff like some other reviewers had mentioned. The front desk let me check in at 11am so that was a plus, and I used the computer and printer in the upstairs lounge for printing boarding passes. For 85 bucks you can't beat it.
96. Couldn't ask for a much better location if you want to stay in downtown Chicago and be able to walk around. PROS ============= - Fantastic location. Right next to Michigan Ave. Bridge with the Wrigley Building right across the river. - Very affordable given the location. (Of course, we went for the 4th of July and this is a business hotel chain.) - Cheap and tasty place to have breakfast just outside the hotel. (Corner Bakery Cafe) - Don't need a car if you plan to stay in Chicago. Close to lots of transit. CONS ============= - My wife and I went to Chicago for our honeymoon. Loved the town, but this hotel is not the most romantic. - Somewhat spartan accommodations
97. The River Hotel occupies floors 3 - 10 of a historic building built in 1928. It is located directly across the street (Whacker) from the Chicago river between Michigan ave and Wabash. In terms of location, this place could not be beat in my opinion. Magnificent Mile, Millennium Park, 'L' trains, many restaurants and bars, all within walking distance. We chose not to rent a car and got around just fine. Additionally, we found the rooms to be clean, comfortable, nicely updated, and good size for a hotel in a downtown area of a major city. If we make it back to Chicago again, this is were we'll stay.
98. Overall I was quite pleased with the River Hotel. The location alone makes this hotel worth it. Its located right by the Chicago river 1 block from the Magnificent Mile. There is even a Double Decker trolly stop right near the hotel. The rooms were smaller then normal but there werent uncomfortably small. The bathroom was a decent size and the room had everything I could have wanted. Maid staff was fantastic and left extra towels as requested. Bella Bacino restuarant is located within the hotel and we had a fabulous Chicago style deep dish pizza there. My only concern with the hotel was its hard to see when driving down Wacker drive. Its well hidden. If you cross the Magnificent mile you have gone too far. As well when checking in we had reserved 3 rooms and they were showing a record of only 2 rooms. They did work towards figuring things out but it did take some time. Once we were given our rooms we were told we had 3 rooms with a queen size bed and a sleeper chair. Unfortunatly 2 of the rooms didnt have sleeper chairs so we had to go back to the front desk and be relocated again. It was a bit of a pain but nothing terrible. They did have a secured area on the 3rd floor to store luggage after checking out so that we could still tour the city. All in all a great expericen for the price.
99. Very nice hotel, everything was nice and the staff was very helpful. My only complaint was how exceedingly small my single room was. It worked fine, but there truly was very little room within the room. Oh, and perhaps that is the reason the bed seemed short even for my 5'-4" height?! ?
100. River Hotel is priced like most Chicago hotels - expensive - almost 200/night, but doesn't deliver anywhere near the service expected for that service. Most disappointing was the room - it was barely could fit in the queen bed that was in there. Its almost as if they cut the rooms in half some time ago to maximize occupancy. It was evident this is what they did as the the dividers between rooms were paper thin - I could here everything happening in the next room including people talking. Most motel chains like Best Westerns etc. have better room size so go there for a 1/3 of the money. Or spend the 200/night and go somewhere else. Further the maid service people knocked at my door around noon - I asked them to come back - they never did.
