1. My experience started with my reservation which I made via the phone; the reservationist allowed me to use a web rate which was accommodating. I arrived 3 hours before check-in to find out that my upgraded room was ready. (From a petite to a Queen Luxe.) Room size was fine, especially for nyc. The bathroom was a treat. Lots of mirrors, but not tacky. Only complaint was that the lighting could have been better for make-up application. Excellent bath amenities; Hermes shampoo & conditioner and CO Bigelow soaps and lotion. Shower was fabulous. Bed was very comfortable. iPod docking station/clock didn't work, but that was remedied within 5 minutes. Cd/Dvd library is a nice feature, but not a great selection and almost everything I wanted was out of stock; it seemed like they did not have duplicates. The best part of my stay was the service. I was greeted by every staff member I passed. I work in a hotel in guest services, so I'm very picky about this aspect of my stay. Everything I needed or asked for was taken care of promptly. Entire feel of the hotel was intimate and cozy and a nice respite from the pace of Manhatten. Great Location too!
2. I have been staying at City Club since it first opened, and I still love this hotel. As it is a boutique hotel, I love the décor, the lights on dimmer switches, and friendly customer service. I do miss the Hermes bath products, but the home baked cookies every night make up for it! I call it my "home away from home," and its location is perfect: next to the Harvard Club, blocks from Bergdorf's & Takashimaya, and steps from Broadway. Service at City Club is exceptional, and they have even accommodated me with meeting space on the second floor. When I got snowed in 2 weekends ago and Yale Club could only extend a smoking room, City Club was there for me with a spacious upgrade. I love City Club, and highly recommend it.
3. Just returned from a two-night stay at City Club Hotel. After having issues with a Priceline situation, upon arrival they upgraded us to a kind suite with two floors. The staff is extremely helpful & friendly. The location is awesome, two blocks from the center of Times Square. The room is trendy & modern with comfortable linens & very clean bathrooms. The Bigelow toiletries & abundance of towels are a great touch! They even bring you chocolate chip cookies with turn down service. Also, a nice feature for our teens was the free DVD rental from the front desk with many, many movies to chose from. The only downside I had was the noise from the street & other rooms, but we did have a great view with a balcony, so you have to take the good with the bad. After all, it is the city that never sleeps! Don't hesitate to stay here!
4. I found this hotel online at a bargain rate for a Friday night stay for a business meeting in NYC. I booked the least expensive room I could. Not knowing what to expect (although it had great reviews) I was pleased to see it was located in Times Square right next door to the famous Algonquin Hotel. GREAT location - between 5th Avenue and Times Square. When I walked in I was greeted by a super-friendly front desk, and told I had been upgraded to a King (I had booked a "petite double."). The room was absolutely lovely! Nicely decorated, and the amenities! I loved an umbrella in the closet for guest use, the mini bar (which I didn't use but it was so nice!) with high end alcohol and Dean & DeLuca treats, and the turn down service - a china plate with two great big cookies left on the bed. In the morning, a canvas bag on the doorknob holding the NY Times. At turndown I also got a weather forecast for the next day. The bed was SO comfortable it was hard for me to want to leave for a morning meeting. I slept so well. It was also quiet. Not much of a view, but who cares? The bathroom (which I am told is the same size in all rooms) is large, and even has a chair. The bath amenities are top notch and they provided EVERYthing - and the shower was great. In the morning checkout was a breeze. Desk clerk called doorman for a cab, which was waiting when I got to the door. I hated to leave. One note - there was a charge on my credit card bill from the hotel and I called to inquire. I was told it was a mini-bar charge for two sodas. I told them I did not use the mini bar at all, and they promised a credit without discussion. No problem!
5. Beautifully appointed, modern, luxurious rooms; a spacious bathroom with a great shower, comfortable bed with luxurious duvet and linen, all amenities provided. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Wonderful location between 5th and 6th avenues in midtown Manhattan. My only complaint is that the room looked out onto a ventilation shaft, so there was almost no natural light! Next time I will ask for a room looking over the street.
6. We were stuck in New York due to the hurricane and had to find a hotel quickly as ours was full. The hotel looked after our bags the night before as we were due to arrive in the middle of the hurricane. The room was really nice but a bit small. It was still amazing value for money. The bathroom is my perfect bathroom. Staff were friendly and helpful. Our friend was upgraded to a super room so definitely worth spending a little more for a better room. The hotel is very conviently located and even though central, it isn't too close to Time Square so not full of tourist attractions. The only issue is that the gym pass was not included in the rate if you don't book directly with the hotel. I would definitely stay there again but next time I would pay for a better room.
7. Found of Boutique Hotels this one makes me wonder if I should not forget about BH in the future....For 305 USD you get a room the size of...your bed, staff look at you as if you were coming from a different planet when you complain about it, and have nothing to say. Tough luck you are in a Boutique Hotel where you cannot open your suitcase as there is no space, you cannot work as there is no desk.Does not help much in giving a good name to Boutique Hotels, there should be an industry standard so that not everybody can abuse this name. Next time any other Hotel will do but this one never again
8. In NYC for business and have been doing a number of visits to Hotels whilst staying here for about 2 weeks. In fact have done 4 hotels in 7 nights. City Club is excellent, great location, staff and Quality(with a capital "Q"). Had an issue with the first room I stayed in due to noise. After reporting the issue to front desk and then the General Manager - Lauren, they rectified the issue by moving me to a new room and apologizing for the inconvenience. Superb service!! !
9. I stayed at the City Club for 2 nights while on a business trip. I initially picked it only because of the location (right across the street from where I needed to go), but I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was for the price I was paying (~$180 a night with our corporate rate). ROOM: Decoration of the room is very modern. Have a super-comfortable bed, spacious bathroom and nice shower. The room itself is a little small - you open the door and the bed is pretty much right there; and you stepped out of the bed, you are pretty much in the bathroom. But even though it's petite, it contains all the essentials and comfort you need (unless you want a desk to do work on - in which case, there really isn't one). LOCATION: The location is very central. Being on 44th Street, it's only a few blocks from Times Square on one side, and a few blocks from Grand Central on the other. There are a few subway stops within walking distance MISCELLANEOUS: The reception has a booklet that you can pick out free DVDs from, but I was too tired from work to borrow anything, but it is a nice-to-have. Since there is a DVD player in the room, I guess you can bring your own DVDs to watch too. Every night I come back, there is a plate of two cookies awaiting me - I thought that was a nice gesture. And when I first arrived (I arrive really early) and they allowed me to check right in, so that was nice too. They don't have a gym, but I think you can pay for a pass to use the NY Sports Club nearby. Although I don't think they open very late.
10. This hotel was absolutely terrible!!! We were there for a one night stay over Valentine's day. I had never been to NYC, so I was very excited for our stay. When we got to our queen luxe room I was extremely disappointed. My fiancé opened the window shades and we had a huge brick wall for a view. Then we noticed that there wasn't even a TV in the room even though they say that there are "premium channels in all guest rooms including HBO" and they offer a DVD library to choose from. However, there was a DVD player in our closet (I don't know what we were supposed to watch it on). Anyway, the lack of TV didn't really matter that much to us since we were only there one night and weren't in the room much. It was very hard to sleep that night. You could hear every noise in the hall and other people's rooms and the cover to the heating unit kept falling off of the wall. Then to top off the experience I notice that my credit card had an extra charge of $30.00 on it. I called to the hotel and they told me it was for a bag of potato chips, a small bottle of spirits, and a half a bottle of red wine. I explained to Emanuel that we had never even touched the mini bar. I guess he thought that we ate chips and drank while watching a nonexistent TV and staring at the brick wall. So overall the experience was awful and they tried to rip us off too!! !
11. Excellent location and exceptionally clean boutique hotel. Well appointed rooms were serene and peaceful, and included a lovely window sofa complete with plump pillows. Bathrooms were big with thoughful ammenities, plush terry robes and gigantic wall mirror. Warm cookies awaited our return in the evening. Very clever TV setup. Luxurious linen and comforter. By far, The Very Best Mattress and Pillows we have ever slept on anywhere! Where can we buy a set?! Incredible $$$ Value for Mid-town Manhattan. Staff was curteous and accomodating but not overtly helpful. Only two downsides...1. No in-room coffee. Had to order room service or get dressed and go out for the am coffee fix. 2. Could barely read the tiny, light print of Guest-Hotel info book. Both easily fixable. Would most definitely stay at this lovely gem of a luxe hotel in the middle of Manhattan again, and again, and again. Thanks for a wonderful experience. The pleasure was all ours.
12. My stay in Manhattan could have been a much nicer one had i known about the construction going on here. I arrived late at night for a 2 night business trip. The construction started at 7 in the morning and continued until 7 at night. I don't know what I would have done had I been with my wife for a relaxing stay. As mine was for business, I had to get up early anyway. It still bothered me though that I wasn't informed about this inconvenience when I booked the room. The manager refunded some money back to me but it was too little too late. I would have preferred to stay elsewhere.
13. First stay in NYC, had feared the worst in terms of service and value but pleasantly surprised by city club. Kindly upgraded from a petite room to a larger one. Turn down service is a nice touch, that few pricier hotels would even bother with. Only minor gripe, was that booking website advertised that access to NYC sports club was included in the rate, this was actually $15 extra. Not their fault, but something to beware of. Otherwise great service all round, will be returning next month.
14. For my annual jaunt to New York, I always book boutique hotels since I want to stay away from the overly touristy crowds and noise that large hotel chains have. I went on Priceline.com and found it at a great price and decided that it would be decent since I had dinner at DB Bistro Moderne their attached restaurant and was impressed with their style and service. And upon my arrival, the hotel did not disappoint - it IS a small but stylish hotel and has all the things necessary for a stay. City Club also located within a short brisk 10 minute walk from the Port Authority which is perfect since it works for the majority of airport transportation services I use. I went Newark Airport Express this time. What I liked best: . Great service, the front desk staff member Danielle was knowledgeable and efficient. She direct us to two local restaurants (one for lunch and the other for brunch and both were great value and food) . Check out time is Noon and free wireless . Delicious cookies with turn down service . Hand delivered bills the evening before . Locally produced and distributed toiletries by CO Bigelow What to live with: . Dark hallways and little natural light in the room (I expected as much so wasn't surprised) . No frills lobby and amenities If you're looking for a small hotel with style and substance rather than fluff, this is the place to visit.
15. Location - central. Reception - lots of attitude from most of the staff, like we are a BOUTIQUE hotel! Said and did the right things with our issues and concerns, but with just enough willingness to pass for acceptable. Room - well appointed. Dark colors and poor lighting - my wife had difficulty putting on her makeup. The bed was no good. We changed rooms on night 2, but this was no better. We ended up sleeping on the couch! Fitness Center - you have to pay $20 per day to utilize it ...not sure that the site disclosed this at booking time? I was not about to pay for the fitness club after it was listed as an amenity. Another let down!
16. I have stayed at the City Club Hotel 4 times now across the past year and my experience every time has me looking forward to going back. I tend to stay at upscale hotels on my own dime (ritz / W / upscale boutique hotels) and when I travel for work, I am limited by expense restraints. Which is how I first ended up finding this place. Since it's not a 'known' chain, I wasn't sure what I was going to find. What I love best about this place: 1) The service - Kelsey at the front desk person has literally been there every time I arrive - which makes this place feel more B&B, less impersonal chain hotel. Pple that work here start with "yes", do what they can to accomodate, and overall really seem to love what they do 2) warm chocoloate chip cookies on your bed at night: I mean, every hotel should do this. Amazing. 3) decor - sleek, mod decor and unique touches (interesting books) make each room slightly different. If you are not from NY, you may say the rooms are small, which some are, but honestly, you aren't spending that much time in the room so it doesn't really matter that much. 4) DB Bistro Moderne downstairs - super good restaurant which is sister to well known super upsacale Daniel, also in NYC. the salmon tartare is to die for. I don't usually write reviews btw. I just really love this place. I am willing to give up starwood points for thsi place, which is saying a LOT.
17. We had received many suggestions of where to stay that was walking distance to Times Square but I found City Club Hotel on many websites and the location and price was worth checking out. Am I ever glad I did! Every staff member was extremely helpful and pleasant. Our room was clean, spacious and comfortable. We had way too many towels which is unheard of in most hotels! Each evening the turn down service left fresh baked chocolate chip cookies which were sooo good we couldn't help but devour them! Our room had a small balcony which made for great people watching. And we had FREE, easy access to Internet service! Our room also had a filled book case, telephone in the bathroom, flat screen tv, plenty of full length mirrors and more! There's a parking garage right across the road. I can't say enough about how perfect this hotel was for us. I would recommend this hotel a hundred times over!! !
18. Just returned from three nights at the City Club. I find it difficult to believe that this hotel is ranked #74 on tripadvisor.com out of over 300 hotels in Manhattan. I guess there are City Club moles on this site voting for their hotel. The bathroom was a good size with wall to wall brown marble. Hermes bath products are a cheap grade found in most Marriott Courtyards. The shower was large enough for a small orgy but was the same level as the bathroom floor so there was water spillage outside the shower and into the room. There are touches throughout the hotel to evoke a boutique and trendy feel, however most of it was done on the cheap. Overall, it feels like an old building with a dimestore makeover. Laminated cork floors show wear after only four years, chipped paint, pealing wallpaper, dim lighting to hide the flaws. Mattresses feel old but are covered with a nice featherbed and decent linens. Staff was good at providing restaurant and nightlife recommendations and went out of their way to do so. Midtown Location is good on W. 44th street between 5th and 6th Aves. I'm not an expert on NYC hotels but $350+/night for this hotel outside of New Years is not a good value when you have the Regency and SOHO Grand available for $30-$50 more per night.
19. From the moment we stepped out of our car in front of the CIty Club Hotel, it was apparent that we were in for a once in a lifetime experience. Lucas and Socorro greeted us with a warm and friendly manner and made sure my wife and I were acclimated to our new surroundings. For 3 days we felt like we had their direct attention, not to mention the manager, Hugo Yanes, who was not only very professional but extrememly kind and helpful in every way. In short, we can say that we felt comfort beyond any other hotel we have ever stayed at. The building itself is impressive in decor and cleanliness, and the kindness of the staff made it really enjoyable and most relaxing. Thank you Hugo & the rest of the CIty Club staff!! We love you guys and will be back for the New Year!! !
20. I've loved this hotel since it opened. Stayed here 3-4 times for a night or two. This time, came for almost a week and persuaded friends from L.A. who were also coming to NYC to stay at the City Club. The location can't be beat. The staff are friendly and always helpful. Housekeeping is excellent and thorough. But.....the bloom is off the rose. There was the elevator that didn't work one day and no one seemed to know why not; then the bathroom door that was off its track and no one could figure out how to get it back, so it required brute force to open and close; then the toilet that needs a new flapper valve so that it closes each time; and room service who decided "you must have an old menu" but wouldn't bring a current one upstairs (!). I still like this place. I like it a lot. But after the latest visit, I will check out other new places before automatically coming back here. The NYC hotel scene is highly competitive - at current rates, you've got to stay on top of your game! I hope the City Club management can kick it up a notch.
21. We booked a petite room through expedia, which meant no room for suitcases or 2 people really. Would have been ok for one person though. Strangely enough the bathroom was MASSIVE - why not skip part of the bathroom to make room for a chair? Anyway, apart from size (and the window which looked out onto a wall) the room was lovely with a very comfortable bed. The cookies every night were very welcome especially when combined with a cup of something hot from the coffee shop over the road. Location is great for mid town and staff were always friendly. One night we ate in the restaurant on the ground floor - definitely not cheap but a lovely night out. If we found a good price on a bigger room we would definitely consider returning.
22. I just got back from NYC and 3 nights at the City Club. I read the reviews on here before booking it, but made the res in spite of some decidedly negative reviews. I am glad I did because I absolutely enjoyed my stay and would definitely stay there again. The staff was very good overall--though some definitely more helpful than others. The cookies at turn down were great as was the location of the hotel. I was on a media tour and we were smack in the middle of everywhere we needed to be. My standard room was actually much larger than i was anticipating, as was the bathroom. The towels, bed and amenities were great. I love modern/contemporary design and felt the hotel was designed in great taste. My only minor complaints had to do with a fixed AC temp of 70 degrees, which was a little chilly for me, and a low-level of light. If you really wanted to get a lot of work or reading done in the room, you'd be stuck sitting on the bed or camped in the bathroom. Luckily that wasnt the case for me. Also the bathroom outlet was hard to find--I saw that another reviewer said there wasnt one--maybe they just couldnt find it (which isnt a good thing). One more note--i think some people are put off by the lack of a lobby. On the same block, there are many fancy hotels to have a drink and loiter in, and I actually enjoyed the fact that ours wasnt going to turn into party central. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and stay there again.
23. One of the few places a family of five can stay. It was so clean & the room was large for NYC! The service was great! Everyone was friendly & so helpful! I would highly recommend staying here (I actually already have to some family:)>
24. City Club is a great hotel in a great location. The fact that Daniel Boloud's DB bistro adjoins the hotel so that a guest may step in or order room service-either resulting in a fabulous meal is fantastic. The beds are extremely comfortable, the coset space is minimal but there are plenty of drawers and shelves. Valet and bell service is generally vey good. The front desk greetings range from austere to very friendly. I would definitely stay at this hotel agin, it is great as is 44th street in Midtown Only two complaints, the crony desk staff insisted on Monday morning January 31 that the hotel had not received a federal express delivery for me on Saturday January 29 saying the hotel would have immediately delivered the package to my room as the hotel has limited storage etc. As I had given up and was heading out the front door, the clerk ran towards me with my delivery in hand and advised that my fed ex had been stuffed away somewhere. Also, the bellman was focused on finding me a town car vs any car/a cab to the airport. I ran down to 6 th avenue to hail my own cac.
25. We stayed at the City Club a week ago for one night. We wish we could have stayed longer! Although it was a short stay the hotel exceeded our expectations. We arrived early and the manager (Hugo) suggested a perfect spot down the street for lunch. We were pleasantly surprised when went back to check in as we were upgraded to a suite. It was beautiful, with a two story window looking out onto 44th street, a small balcony, and a spiral staircase up to a loft/bedroom and bath. We were meeting a friend for drinks and Hugo suggested a great nearby lounge. The room was incredibly comfortable and quiet and we'll definitely be back!
26. This is a wonderful, fantastic place to stay in NYC! It is so friendly, yet professional and the staff goes out of their way to make sure you are happy. The room was fabulous, super comfortable, luxurious and well, just perfect. It's small and intimate and beats the choices in the 50's & Broadway by a mile. All the grace, luxury and class of the chain luxury hotels, with none of the pretense. The location is perfect. Just steps away from the theatres and several amazing bistro/restaurants that feel like neighborhood places, just outside the door. Now I won't stay anywhere else when in the city.
27. I stayed at this hotel not too long ago and was not happy with my service. I arrived and was and checked in by a young woman by the name of Jenna (I believe), who confidently assigned me a room and assured a pleasant stay. I as I entered my room I noticed it was already occupied by another guest who was half decent and clearly startled and upset. Embarrassing for the both of us. So I returned to the front desk to a less than sympathetic Jenna who down played the situation and quickly assigned me another room. I was put in a smaller room than the one I originally walked in and it had way too much outside noise. Not the best trip.
28. I was going for an overnight trip to New York and knew that I would not be spending much time in my room. So, I was looking for a nice, stylish hotel in a good location at a good price. I managed to snag a $200 rate from Quikbook for a "petite" room and it was perfect for my needs. The room was small - not much bigger than the double bed - but I expected that. It was beautifully appointed and stylishly decorated. TV, DVD player, mini-bar tucked away. The marble-clad bathroom was very nice with plenty of towels and Hermes products. There were even a couple of fresh chocolate chip cookies at the end of the day. And the NY Times at my door in the morning. The room might be tight for 2 people and it would be too small if I was staying for a few days. But there are larger rooms that are very nice - I looked in one as I went down the hallway. My only complaint is that the tile in the hallway echoes any footsteps that go by your door. It's not a big deal, but carpeting would deaden the noise. The reception and doormen were friendly and helpful. The lobby is small and connects to the well-rated DB Moderne restaurant, where meals can be taken. I'm a pretty tough critic of hotels, but I would stay at the City Club again.
29. Following our cruise we opted to stay on New York for our 3rd time. We last stayed at the city club in march 2010 and thought it was a great value for money hotel, like a hidden gem! The staff were very helpful indeed with any matter and always had time for a brief chat. Location is superb, you come out of the hotel and turn left straight on to 5th avenue or go right and to Times square, oh and a few doors away the red flame diner! If we return to new york it would be the city club every time......
30. Spent two nights in this hotel over a weekend and loved it. It's a terrific little boutique hotel in a very convenient midtown location. Close to the the theatre district, Grand Central Station, Bryant Park, Central Park and a good jumping off point to go anywhere in the city. The rooms were nicely decorated in neutrals, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was luxurious - quite large by NY standards. Great shower with good water pressure, dark marble and a white pedestal sink. The only down side to the bathroom was the light above the sink wasn't bright enough for putting on make up. Even my husband said it was a bit dark for shaving too. Otherwise the towels were thick and although we didn't use them, there were two nice robes hanging up in the bathroom. The closet is concealed in one of the walls in the bedroom and unfortunately in our room the only place to mount the flat-screen TV was over the full length mirror in the bedroom. That made the mirror un-useable unless you wanted to sit on the floor. There was a nice built in couch/window seat which was a great place to lay out your clothes, etc. since there was no bureau. Floors are not carpeted but there were some area rugs next to the bed. The room was quiet although we did hear other guests come in one night at 4am. Their door was right next to ours, so you can't blame the hotel for that - more like inconsiderate guests at that hour. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful when asked for directions or recommendations on places to eat. Although we didn't have a chance to eat at DB Bistro Moderne the restaurant on the street level of the hotel, it had come highly recommended by a friend of ours. We loved the City Club Hotel and would definitely return the next time we're in NYC.
31. This little jewel is in the perfect spot to enjoy all that midtown Manhattan has to offer. Two blocks to Times Square, two blocks to Grand Central, and two blocks to Bryant Park. They have a few suites that are very nice for that special weekend, but for the quietest stay ask for an inside room. Continental breakfast is served in their "Hot Spot" late night bar or directly to your room. I have staying here for 5 years, and miss it dearly when it get's booked. So book early.
32. Clean, tastefully decorated and best of all, very quiet hotel 1 or 2 blocks from all the theaters. The rooms are kind of small (they do look just like the internet pictures, just smaller in real life). We didn't feel cramped, though. It seemed kind of pricey at first, but I did some more research and its right in line with the other hotels in midtown, including the "chain" hotels" and City Club is much better than those. We stayed in a Queen luxe (3 days) and it was the best nights sleep we've had away from home in years. We did not try the DB restaurant next door (very busy, though, so it must be pretty popular), but we did patronize the Red Flame Diner two doors down. "Regular diner prices" (meaning CHEAP) right in Mid-town! It was great! Gregory's coffee shop across the street has the freshest muffins in town...melt in your mouth! We would definitely stay here again. Use one of the internet travel sites (orbitz, etc) to book instead of City Club website and save 20% or so.
33. You arrive at a small desk to check in, there is no public area and no hotel atmosphere but the staff is nice and involved. The room was extremely small even for NY, not mint, dated with a view to a wall. You can hear the noise from the corridor only covered by the noise from the street in the morning. There is no reading light. The TV set can only be seen standing! Room service from the DB restaurent is efficient and excellent. The breakfast, its brioche and the whole menu is to die for. Nicely located on 44th street, but prefere the Sofitel next door, better value, better rooms, better atmosphere you can go to DB for breakfast next door.
34. City Club is a small boutique hotel in a great central location in midtown Manhattan. Staff was very helpful and accommodating. Rooms are a little on the small side with no view (not surprising in Manhattan). The fabric wallpaper is showing a lilttle wear and tear, but the room was clean. Bathroom was great with good quality soap and shampoo; water pressure in the shower that would blow you down the block! Hotel was quiet and rooms have black-out shades for great sleeping. Turn down service came with killer chocolate chip cookies. Staff recommended the restaurant next door, DB Bistro Moderne, for lunch - which was terrific. There is a large fitness club a few doors down to which guests have complimentary access. Only real complaint about the hotel was that despite the property being a non-smoking hotel, our room reeked of smoke. Suspect that because of fabric wallpaper, the smell is difficult to get out, but it was off-putting. Room rate was competitive with other hotels of it's class. Did get a much better rate off Expedia than I was offered when I called the hotel directly. Overall, would definitely stay there again.
35. I'm still laughing about the comment below regarding lack of TV in the room. The TV is behind a glass wall - when it's off, it's as if it weren't there. Anyhow, I have stayed numerous times in this hotel since it first opened, and if you're a theatre-goer, this is one of the most amazing locations. The Red Flame diner a few doors down is a gem, plus DB Moderne is one of the best restaurants in NYC. I love staying at this hotel.
36. The City Club hotel offers an eclectic style for such an old City. All the buildings have a history about them. Not that the City Club doesn't. They have taken an old holel and given it a different feel. We loved the staff they were GREAT!. I spran my ankle while visiting and they were quick to respond with ice. Our room safe needed a new battery and they quickly fixed that as well. The beds and linens are also top of the line. I have never slept that well out of town. Great location - very close to Times Square, shopping and Theaters. I enjoy smaller hotels as they seem more personable and City Club fits that model. With only 65 rooms it is fairly quiet for the city and not difficult to find your way around. Here the drawback. The rooms are small. We did have a balcony witha decent view which made up for the size. I realize it is NY and a lot of the rooms are small in size. If you are staying for an extended period and have a lot of clothes you will be hard pressed to find someplace to put them. Closet space is shared with your refrigerator and you have a small night stand with 3 small drawers. If I was to make a recommendatation to the hotel, if they could just find some way to create a bit more storage for your belongings they would be top notch.
37. Stayed here with my wife and it was fantastic. It's so well located! We had a room on the top floor with a small balcony. Not much of a view but it was great place for a coffee in the AM before heading out and a glass of wine in the evening before dinner.
38. I've stayed at City Club Hotel before, and the location is excellent. Staff is professional and efficient. However, I stayed in a room this time that was dark, small and had an antique, loud air conditioner unit. The free WIFI is clunky and difficult to use. Cell phones don't function well in many of the rooms. I saw a large roach in my room, and when I told the front desk, I found the response fairly non-reactive. Showers have good pressure and heat. Hotel is starting to feel quite dated.
39. This is a boutique hotel just a stone's throw from Time's Square. It is on a lovely, somewhat quiet street next to some beautiful historic properties..The Algonquin, The Iroqouis are next door. There is a large Brooks Brothers store a few doors down. If you are looking for an inexpensive place to drop after a night of Time's square or taking in some theater, this could be for you. We got it for 175 a night on Hotwire...the other hotels I mentioned start their room rates at 399 a night. Sofitel is also on the street (600 a night) So..this place is a "bargain" That said..there were some real problems with our room. It was so dark..the lighting in there made it impossible to shave or do make-up...I had to go into the hallway. The bedroom was SOOO tiny that I tripped on the baseboards every time I went to the bathroom. The bathroom is lovely (almost the same size as the bedroom) but again...poor lighting made it impossible to do anything in there. There were some "bells and whistles" which were nice...Frette linen and an ipod docking station. It was VERY clean. Wonderful cookies on our pillow at bedtime. But I don't know if I would stay again. Maybe I would...and just upgrade (another 150) to a bigger room.
40. I recently stayed at the City Club in NYC. We stayed in one of the 2 story suites and it was absolutely amazing. The amount of space was unlike any other in NYC. The location of the hotel was great. The staff was extremely professional and helpful. They made our stay extra special.
41. My husband and I stayed at the City Club in NYC for three nights, and were so excited (before we checked in) about staying at this trendy boutique hotel. However, don't be fooled by their lovely website. The service on check-in was...disappointing to say the least. If you're expecting a warm friendly welcome, keep looking, the staff are quite simply put...rude. When we finally got to our room, its like we stumbled into a broom closet with a double bed, not exactly the romantic atmosphere we imagined. The bathroom was ok, fairly clean, but no tub. There are only two good things about this hotel, it's location relative to Times Square and the Theatre District and the warm chocolate chip cookies you get with turndown service. Overpriced is an understatement for this hotel and star rating is defintely inflated!
42. I travel frequently to NYC for work, and the City Club Hotel is by far the number one place I choose to stay as it has become a home away from home for me. The staff is friendly, competent, and helpful - and I truly enjoy the hospitality. I have never stayed in a room there that I disliked as the rooms are more spacious, comfortable, modern, and clean than many other boutique hotels that I have stayed in (not to mention, the bathrooms are always amazing). The complimentary chocolate chip cookies are also always a plus! Overall, I have nothing bad that I can think of other than when they are booked up and I have to stay elsewhere. I would recommend this hotel to all of my family and friends and would feel very comfortable with my recommendation and their expected satisfaction.
43. It's taken me a year and a bit to put this review up. I travelled to NY in September 2009 (Note - Tripadvisor option won't allow me to backdate this far back so I chose Sept 2010 as the date of my stay instead) and stayed at the City Club Hotel after staying elsewhere in NY. It is a small hotel comparably. Service was great - very friendly and professional. There's free internet which is always great. The room that I got was called the Petite room (the smallest and cheapest room available) which is really suited for 1 individual even though there is a double bed, as the room itself is oddly enough, 'petite'. The bathroom is beautiful and clean as is the rest of the room. The bathroom was quite spacious. Location of hotel is central (44th street west off 5th Avenue) and situated in the more up market area - also very close to Times Square, Rockefellar Centre and only a short walk to Empire State Building, and is tucked away so that noise levels are reduced. In fact, couldn't hear what was going outside as opposed to the hotels situated in Times Square or on 7th Avenue (v.busy street). Paid AUD $416 for this room - over priced in terms of the space you get, yet I would stay here again because it is such a beautiful clean, central and friendly hotel (its boutique and independent - no big hotel chains here). I enjoyed my stay in this hotel.
44. tight quarters sure but the style and service of the place was excellent! down feather beds, pillow and comforters, oh my! the biggest flat screen TV ever and the staff's attentiveness was superior: when I set the AC temp too low and froze the coils, within moments they sent up a megawatt air purifier/fan. I really liked how the staff was attentive but not overbearing, they were just great! and I loved the little "party closet" that's stocked with everything a gal would need!
45. We stayed at the City Club because other reviewers said there were NO bedbugs which was our top priority. Their website was misleading because it made the hotel look better than it actually was. It was clean but small and confining with a draft from the window. It was not worth the price.
46. I enjoyed my stay at the City Club. It's a small, intimate place with a lot of personality. Feels like a private club. The location is very central, close to Bryant Park, Grand Central and Times Square. The City Club is right next to the Algonquin, the Iroquois, the Sofitel and the Royalton. There is no ostentatious sign outside so it's easy to miss it. The lobby is very small and more like the entrance of an upscale residence. My room was on the 4th floor and the size was decent. It was very clean and perfectly decorated, with a very upscale, masculine feel. The bathroom was very classy both in size, design (black marble) and for the top quality amenities (Hermes and Bigelow). I especially loved the shower. The hotel was quiet with a limited number of rooms and guests. All in all, I can't complain about anything. The price - though relatively high - was quite acceptable by New York standards. Business hotel chains may offer large rooms, but they can hardly match the classy, intimate atmosphere of the City Club. Would definitely return to the City Club.
47. I booked this hotel as a surprise trip to New York for my boyfriend's 40th birthday. I chose it because of the location and because he's into technology and it looked right up his street, plus the beds looked huge and sumptuous. A nice touch having the tv hidden behind the mirror and a CD player to create some abience. The only downside was the view... there wasn't one. But seeing as we didn't spend too much time in there anyway, we weren't complaining. Great spot to get around Manhatten as it's literally around the corner from Times Square. There's also a great little diner a few doors down which the staff recommended. Can't remember the name but we ate breakfast there each morning - delicious! We had one minor issue whilst staying there, and this was the 24 hour room service. We tried to order food at 2:00 and there were no staff to fulfill it so we went to bed hungry. Plus the juice in the mini fridge was well past it's sell by date. However, when I told them they went out and bought us back a big carton of Tropicana, so we were happy with that.
48. Problems started early with our booking at the City Club. My wife tried to book online for our stay for two nights in a Queen Luxe. She called to book the rate available from the website, but was told that the rate is only available for booking via the Internet otherwise its was a hundred dollars more in total. At her request, I visited the website to make a reservation. However to my surprise, the website was not secured (read encrypted) so that my credit card number was going over the open internet. I called the hotel again and they told me that they didn't have encryption on their website (see the padlock in the bottom of the browser window). I asked the reservationist to take my booking over the telephone, but she refused to give me the lower rate.
49. You can't judge Manhattan hotels against those anywhere else in the known universe: Prices are absurb, given the so-so quality of rooms in general. Judged against other mid-town, theater-district hotels, the City Club Hotel is a good, functional choice. Positives: The excellent location on 44th Street's "club row" right between the venerable Algonquin and Iroquois Hotels; a wonderfully helpful front-desk staff; reasonably spacious rooms (by New York bed-in-a-closet standards); good bedding; excellent, flexible lighting; two glorious chocolate-swirl cookies with the turn-down service (one of the very few times I've been impressed by such "freebie" snacks); thorough cleanliness; and no sign of bedbugs (a serious problem in Manhattan today). The negatives: Rooms need refreshing (getting just a bit tatty here and there); gloomy, horror-movie-dark hallways; and, despite trading on the location in the former City Club, there's no trace of the old club atmosphere or interior architecture. The rack-rate can stun out-of-towners, but it's the best deal on this still-distinguished block. Bottom line: I would stay here again--not least, thanks to the great front-desk staff.
50. This was an exceptional place to stay from when we first disembarked our cab upon arrival till they held the door open for us to depart. The service by every member of the staff was so fantastic that in our short stay we ended up on a first name basis with a number of them. Any request was met with politeness and efficiency. Room was a decent size for NYC (esp for the price) and the location could not have been more ideal in terms of its proximity to the subway and numerous sites of interest. Loved that the TV was tucked away and the bed and day sitting area was super comfortable. The bathroom was stocked with fine toiletries and everything was very clean and well appointed. My husband and I had breakfast in the restaurant downstairs and everything was very tasty. Room felt very quiet for the city as it is on a 2 lane street -- some traffic noise but nothing that was prevented a pleasant stay. Would definitely stay here again not only because the room was comfortable and nice but mostly because the service was so outstanding.
51. lovely little boutique hotel, choc chip cookies at bedtime to die for! great location right in the middle of everything just two blocks up from times square, little bistro across the street serve the best steaks and apple martinis. staff very friendly and helpful rooms small but immaculate we were given free upgrade, stayed 4 nights wished had of stayed longer
52. If price is not on your mind, this hotel is spectacular! Lots of hotels spend thousands on a snazzy lobby but shabby rooms, but City Club Hotel did something out of the ordinary. It's a very simple and small lobby to check-in, just adjacent to an excellent restaurant, but the rooms are elegant and dramatic! Ipod alarm clocks, marble bathrooms, Hermes bath amenities, extremely comfortable beds and a free business computer on the 2nd floor made my stay very enjoyable! The lobby is light and airy; in contrast, the rooms are quite dark and masculine, but still comfy. I would not recommend to stay here on business, just because they focused on mood lighting, and not desk work stations. If you want your own quiet corner of NYC just steps away from Times Sq, you need to stay here. The staff were accomodating and helpful.
53. I stayed in one of the hotels beautiful suites over the holidays with a few friends. We had a wonderful stay and made memories for a lifetime. We LOVED the cookies! The beds were so comfy, it was like sleeping on a cloud. A plus of the room was the ipod doc and terrace. It also had 2 bathrooms which came in handy! I definitely would recommend the hotel!
54. I'm very positive about this hotel mainly because I got a very good deal from Expedia, and then an upgrade when I checked in. So for about $200, I got a spacious (by NYC standards) room in a cool hotel that's perfectly located for sightseeing. You can't beat that! The hotel's location on West 44th St. is great -- near all the action in Times Square but not as hectic. The staff at the front desk looked like they hadn't yet graduated from college but were among the most efficient and professional I've encountered. DB Moderne, one of NY's best mid-priced restaurants, can be reached through the hotel lobby, and you can even put your restaurant tab on your hotel bill (although the two businesses are separate), One amusing thing about the room decor is that it tries to camouflage things. If the front desk neglect to tell you that the TV is behind the painting (or wherever), you'd never find it. I thought at first there was no closet, then realized it had been cleverly hidden with the wallpaper. There were a few things I didn't care for. My room on the second floor faced the street and wasn't soundproof. The shower curtain didn't keep the water from splashing all over the floor. But those are the only negatives I can think of. If you can snag a deal on this hotel, by all means, stay here!
55. My fiance and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the City Club Hotel. This is a unique alternative to the more mainstream name-brand hotels out there. Very quaint, modern decor, although some rooms were a bit small, it really provides all that is needed. If you are looking for a quiet, comfortable place to lay your head at night, this is a great place. The bed was very comfortable. The 2nd floor provides a comfortable, quiet space to spread out...with internet access. The location is one of the best. Just a block or two from 5th Avenue and high end shopping, with a short cab ride to the south into Greenwich Village area. It really is a very central location, and is removed from the craziness of Times Square. It's actually a very quiet street. The staff were very friendly and accomadating and provided information on what to do and where to go. It's small enough that they actually recognize you after a day and greet you with a warm smile upon entering to retire for the night. That was really nice, something you don't get with a larger hotel group. Continental breakfast was provided every morning, which was also very sufficient. Would definitely return here again in the future.
56. After hours and hours of searching for a nice, quiet hotel during the holiday season in NYC, we found the gem in City Club Hotel. The rooms were perfect, the bathrooms so up-to-date and hip, and the staff was among the best we've encountered. The assistant g.m. is so attentive and generous with her time, the front desk people are delightful, and the doormen can make your day. The smallest things can make a trip worthwhile. They found out that I was a coffee "addict" and made sure I had a new coffeemaker in my room with supplies. The restaurant attached to the hotel is beautiful, although we only ate there once during our five days. Order the bagel and lox from the 24hr menu late one night! P.S. Wonderful beds and linens.
57. My girlfriends and I stayed at City Club Hotel for a 40th birthday get together, and it was a wonderful experience. When we arrived there had been a mistake in my reservation (I had cancelled the first day by phone, but made the original reservation online). They coudln't find me in the system, but the person at the front desk (Lauren) kept trying different things, and eventually she found it. Unfortuately our Double Double room had already be taken by someone else, so Lauren immediately upgraded us to the 2-floor suite. We didnt' have to ask or push for anything, she just kept working until she found a good solution for us. The rooms were wonderful and quite "homey" in an urban way. It felt like we had moved to NYC for a few days. We are planning on staying there again when we go back this summer.
58. If a view is not important to you, but a clean, well located and stylish room is, then this is the spot for you. This small boutique hotel is sandwiched between the Algonquin and a Sofitel. The Royalton is right across the street. I guarantee you that your room rate will be at least $200.00 less than those hotels. No, there is no lobby to speak of; we found ourselves settling in at the Algonquin for late night cocktails which worked out perfectly. The very expensive restaurant connected to the City Club is, I'm certain worth every penny however if you're watching your budget there is a diner not more than 20 paces from the hotel. The staff is young and friendly. We reserved a "petite" room and were upgraded to a much larger room with two double beds. Our room also had a window overlooking 44th street which was great for light but the city noise was definitely there. The room itself was sparkling clean: Frette sheets/duvets and robes. There are snacks from Dean and Deluca in the closet--the mini bar- along with a small fridge. Room service is available from Daniel Boulud's restaurant downstairs. Thoughtful touches: A Zagat guide to the city, loaner umbrella and chocolate chip cookies at turndown. I am almost fearful to write this review because this spot is such a terrific find. Look for discounted room rates --they are out there. Enjoy.
59. The hotel was beautiful. Very modern and tasteful. The staff was unbelievably accommodating and helpful, especially the manager. They went out of their way to make sure our stay was the best it possibly could be. Very prompt service. The room was gorgeous and very comfortable. It's only a minute's walk from Times Square, the perfect location. It was absolutely a hidden gem in the heart of NYC. I would recommend this to anyone traveling to NYC for any reason.
60. 44th Street, Manhattan-I like this locale and so I have stayed up and down it, in between 6th and 5th. A few weeks ago I tried out City Club, located next door to The Algonquin across from The Royalton. I really enjoyed my visit there, very nice folks at the Front Desk greeted me and although they have no lobby to speak of there is a very nice bistro located 20 feet away. My room was very comfortable- well appointed and the bathroom was very hip and pleasing ( unlike The Hudson on 58th Street, where you would swear you were in the toilet of an Amtrak train ) It is a boutique hotel which I like if you want hustle and bustle it's waiting for you out the lobby door. Reasonably priced for a New York spot and I look forward to returning.
61. Plusses: - excellent location - walk to everything in Midtown - in the same block as the Algonquin Hotel, the Iriquois, the Harvard Club, and the New York Yacht Club - near Times Square if that's what you want - easy to walk to Rockefeller Center - friendly staff calls you by name all the time - superb beds - 2 so-so cookies on your pillow at night - you can open your window if you get a room overlooking 44th street -- to listen to all the Times Square noise - yes, they are wireless -- and they have ONE public computer on the second floor Negatives: - typically they run late when you want to check in. You may have to wait an hour or so on the second floor. - very noisey - jack hammers start nearby at 7am & go all day - clothes closet for bedroom is 2 feet by 2 feet, very small - no coffee maker in room but there's a "diner like" restuarant in the same block, and a McDonalds two blocks away - no ventilation fan in the bathroom. Mirrors steam up. - lighting is tricky. You have to find the dimmer switch. The reading light(s) over the beds are useless. - TV speakers blare in the bedroom AND the bathroom. - Bathroom is a black marble, very masculine. Again, a GREAT LOCATION, within walking distance to everything in Midtown, but otherwise very mediocre.
62. In all fairness, the City Club Hotel was, at one time, my favorite place to stay in the city. I was a frequent guest from the time it first opened in 2001 until a year ago. I recently returned for a 3 night business stay and booked a King Deluxe room online using the hotel's website. What a huge disappointment it was compared with my past experiences. Before this one I always enjoyed my stays largely due to the staff and their attention to service. From the onset, the Front Desk staff was aloof and indifferent. When the room type I had reserved was not available, I was put into a smaller room type without warning or explanation. The attitude and overall demeanor of the European woman who checked me in was just plain lousy. Her English was ridiculous and she spoke much too fast which made it even more difficult to understand. Generally, she acted as though she just wanted to get rid of me and did not try to hide it. Shame on her and on the City Club Hotel. The beds are still very comfortable but the rooms showed major signs of wear and tear. Frayed carpeting, overly worn towels, stained and threadbare robes, obsolete entertainment system, scuff marks on walls and doors, loose tiles on walls of bathroom. For the very high prices that the City Club Hotel is charging I could have stayed in a more trendy hotel in a neighborhood that doesn't close down as early as that one does. At least now my colleagues and I know not to return, we shall try one of the newer, better located hotels which charge the same rates.
63. I've stayed in a lot of midtown hotels very close to the City Club, such as Morgan's, the Royalton, the Algonquin and the Millennium. From now on , this is going to be my first choice. The rooms are light and airy, the beds superb, the staff extremely helpful and the rates very reasonable for NY. Excellent.
64. Stayed 6 nights in the City Club - great location on 48th street between 5th and 6th Ave - perfect spot to get to the best in Manhattan - the King deluxe rooms were lovely - very clean and staff very helpful. Would return to them when in New York again. Rates were reasonable too for the height of the summer. Overall an excellent stay.
65. Because it is a small hotel it does not need much of a lobby or front desk, so that was OK with me. My room was an upgrade and very good size with a window bench seat and chair for my visitors. The bath was small but fine for me. I do not need a tub, and the shower was big. The floor tile was cheesy, but I was not interested in style awards. The TV was hidden behind the wall mirror and so had distracting glare. Bad decorator idea. Even though we were so close to 5th Ave shopping and Time Square chaos, it was quiet enough to get a good night sleep.
66. we forgot our wallet back home in toronto but had plenty of cash and no credit cards on us. When we arrived to the hotel the manager at the front desk told us that we need a credit card and that he could not bend the rules for us. After pleading with him for ten minutes he said he will see what he can do and went to the back to make a call. When he left the other girl working at the front desk said that this happens all the time and she does not think that it will be a problem. Shortly after the manager comes out and says that he could not do anything for us. By than it was getting very late and we were very tired. to make a long story short our family back home had to come to our rescue and the staff were not accomodating at all. I would never stay there again and deff not recommend it to anyone
67. If you're looking for a stylish small hotel, and are more of an Armani than Versace person, then look no further. My husband and I have had the good fortune to stay in some amazing hotels around the world - from country houses, to trendy boutiques, to spot on large hotels like The Mandarin Oriental and The Four Seasons. The style of City Club is low key and I say this as a compliment. Its a small, unassuming hotel, offering excellent service and a perfect place to rest your head in chic comfort. Location wise its on a fairly quiet street perfect for Midtown, 5th Avenue, Central Park and Times Square - for venturing further we never had more than a minute wait in hailing a cab. What makes the service stand apart from many other trendy hotels is that it did feel personal ....... returning after a long, hot day (and many a late evening!) of exploring this ever changing city, it felt unusual and uplifting to be recognised and acknowledged as guests of the hotel and for our day to be enquired of by the staff. The guys at City Club are just spot on ....happy for a start, welcoming, courteous, and extremely willing to offer suggestions and recommendations. The only downside of writing this review is that it means our holiday is now over and i'm back in Ol' Blightly .... I could have quite easily of taken up residence.
68. I travel to NY frequently for business. I saw City Club at a good rate online so I booked it as I needed a hotel that was centrally located and had a restaurant onsite for meetings. I was really pleased witht the service. My room was very comfortable- it had a queen sized bed, great bath amenities, fast wireless internet access. The restaurant was very good. The beds were really comfortable and the fresh cookies that greeted me when i got back to my room at night could not be beat. The service was very good- the staff always greeted me when i came in and out and the bellstaff was always there to open the door for me. Will stay here again and have recommended it to my colleagues.
69. When booking this hotel through a booking agent,we expected two beds in our room. The exceptionally small room contained one double bed,no chairs,no table ... very small... Those were the negatives. The bed was so very comfortable,the room very clean and the shower was amazing ... especially appreciated after a long day of sightseeing and theater-going in NY! The staff was friendly and,clearly do their best to accommodate their customers. The location is perfect and the hotel is so very quiet! We would stay there again!
70. The staff(Michelle, Sandra, Doorman/engineer, and housekeeping) treated me like I was a regular even though it was my first time here. Very warm welcome and liked the style(small and easy on the eye) even before they upgraded me to a king size room which had a five star quality >> self control thermostat, high end stuff, and quiet. There was even a comfortable chair in the bathroom. There is a very upscale restaurant attached to the hotel that will make bacon and eggs or pancakes look like something from prehistoric times(hello toasted brioche), but there is also the very good and cheap Red Flame a few doors up. The location is great for the theater catching a subway up or down town east side or west side. Again, with people like Michelle to check you in and answer questions it is impossible to be unhappy here.
71. We stayed at the City Club for 5 nights while on holiday in NY. We complained about the noise in our standard room and they upgraded us for no extra fee to a bigger, quieter room with no problem and very accommodating staff. The bathrooms are beautiful decked out in black marble with HUGE showers and lovely toiletries. The beds were extremely comfortable and the lighting was lovely. The location was fantastic, just a block away from 5th Avenue and Times Square. Amazing free warm cookies brought to us every evening!! Would definitely recommend and would stay again.
72. I visit NYC often (about once a month) to see theater and to shop and I have a set group of hotels I usually stay in....I found this little "gem" by accident because I only needed a room for a night and only for one person so I reserved a petite room that was very affordable for the stay. I have to say that it was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had in any city in any country. I was treated like a queen by the staff and Hugo and Lauren were absolutely hotel class and professionalism at its best. It is a bit small, but the quality is HUGE! I highly recommend this hotel.
73. Recently stayed at the City Club for four nights. Wonderful stay! We were upgraded to a King and found the rooms to be very clean and comfortable. Loved the dark colors, the privacy, the cookies on our pillows every night! The staff were curteous. Location in midtown perfect for theatre, proximity to Times Square, and easy access to the subway to other parts of town. Would absolutely stay here again anytime!
74. I stayed at City Club in August with some colleagues for a two day meeting. Honestly, I travel alot for work. I'm in hotels more than I am at home. So natrually, I'm not easily impressed. I have to admit I was very impressed with City Club. The staff was great- helpful, upbeat, nice and honest about where to go. The room was a nice size- I was in the front (not where I usually like to stay because of noise). The room was bright and the bed was really comfortable. It wasn't noisy as expected... Great shower.. Housekeeping did a great job, and turndown was a treat- freshly baked chocolate chip cookies! I got free passes to the gym which isn't in the hotel but on the same block. The internet was fast. the location was good, but I prefer to be further downtown. Room service was prompt. Will stay again if my meetings bring me to midtown.
75. This hotel is advertised above 4 stars, but it is 3-stars at best in my opinion. Our room needed remodeling. The wallpaper was old and worn. The rugs were stained. There was no real desk to work from in the room, just a small table. The tile shower was nice and the toilet had plenty of flush power. The bed was firm and comfortable. The hallways ARE dark as others have pointed out. The lobby is very small. The location is terrific two blocks from Times Square and about 5 blocks from Rockefeller Center. The staff is friendly and helpful. They bring you warm cookies each night which is nice. But 4 stars? No way. I was expecting better for the money and the star rating. You are really paying for location with this one.
76. We stayed for 4 nights with our 3 girls (aged 20/16/16). We were made to feel so welcome, the staff were fantastic and could not have been more helpful. Brilliant location, right in the heart of the city. The room we had was just perfect and was so clean, spacious and had every amenity you could wish for. We were upgraded at no extra cost which made our stay all the more special. Would recommend this hotel to all our friends and a colleague at work has already provisionally booked having heard how great our stay was.
77. This is a 3 star service and sized hotel trying to maintain a 4 star image - it just doesn't hang together. The Frontdesk check-in staff were amazing - but then it slowing but consistantly fell apart from there. There were issues with the plumbing in the room as confirmed by the engineer the first night - but apparently the day manager new more about hot and cold water than I. I was to stay 4 nights - but left after 2 (would have stayed only 1 but was too tired to move on the late evening of the 2nd day) Day Manager (who also seemed to double as the doorman) was rude - and ultimately why I left the hotel. Capitalism is great - and judging by the recent reviews I would say City Club now has a real problem on their hands. I have stayed at Jeff Klein's (the owner) hotel in West Hollywood, the Sunset Tower - it's amazing - but skip City Club, it just not worth it.
78. Second time ive stayed at this property and it just gets better everytime. The staff are the most helpful and gracious i have ever ecountered in NY. The rooms are spacious and extremeley clean. Beds are out of this world. Great location to everything will always make this my home when in Mahattan Keep it up City Club
79. I really likied this hotel and would consider staying there again. However, although the staff is very cordial and efficient, they are not very sophisticated and could use to stay on top of the latest happenings in NYC. Also, my room did not have any bathroom outlets, or a desk and chair, something that is standard at any Days Inn. Other than that, the hotel was cozy, quiet and substantially upscale, more like a private club than a hotel.
80. My husband and I spent six days at the City Club celebrating our wedding anniversary. It was the week before Christmas and we were looking for an intimate, centrally-located hotel which would give us easy access to all the holiday sights of Manhattan. As it turned out, we were delighted with our choice and would definitely stay here again. For a start, we were pleasantly surprised at the spaciousness of the room (second floor facing the street) - we entertained six people for drinks with no difficulty whatsoever. Comfortable bed and furniture - great bathroom with excellent products and wonderful shower. (I missed having a bathtub, but apparently there are some rooms that do.) Maid service was thorough and reliable - they leave huge and delicious chocolate chip cookies as part of their "turn-down" routine - a mixed blessing if you've just had an enormous dinner! However, what really set this trip apart was the charming and helpful staff. It seemed as if nothing was too much trouble for any of them, and every request - tickets, a cab, a dinner reservation, directions, info. about skating, shopping etc. etc. - was handled efficiently with a smile. We never had to wait for help at the front desk, which can sometimes be a problem in larger hotels - and people like David and Juliette (?) started to feel almost like friends by the end of the week. As with any hotel, there were some minor negatives - the lobby is very small, and waiting there would be a problem as there's nowhere to sit. The room could definitely do with more storage ( and there's no point in having an "invisible" closet door that won't stay closed!) Some reviews mentioned the lack of lighting in the bathroom, but there is in fact a less-than-obvious dimmer switch - maybe a small discreetly-placed sign would help. All in all , we had a fabulous time. Thank you, City Club, for making our special trip one to remember- we'll be back!
81. I am a regular customer at the City Club. I usually stay at this wonderful hotel for business. This is definitely a chic hotel located in the heart of Manhattan. The decor is fabolous and the room is adequately supplied with various kinds of amenities but don't indulge too much since a can of soda can be quite pricey. Times Square and the broadway theatres is a short 5 min walk away. The staff is unbelievably friendly. I was quite suprised that they remembered my name during my first night there. I love how they leave freshly made chocolate chip cookies in the evening. The rooms are very quiet which is remarkable due to its location. The quality was great for its value, plus the beds are quite comfy. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone. You will not be disappointed.
82. City Club Hotel was a nice surprise. We got a great deal at Cheaprooms.com and to our surprise it was chic and very close to what we were doing. (Bryant Park, Dinner,etc...) The desk clerk was very elegant and even gave us a room upgrade because they didn't have the room I pre-booked. It seems like a small hole-in-th-wall, but inside it was inviting and the rooms were very col and comfortable. We will definately stay again in the future.
83. I had a standard room and asked for a room off the street. Overlooking a narrow alley, on the sixth floor, there was no view and it was a little dark but that didn't matter at all to me. The room and bathroom were well organized.The divan under the window offers a nice option for reading at the end of the day. The bed, voluminous feather pillows and high quality Frette linens were heavenly and luxuriously comfortable. The bathroom was nicely equipped and the room was completely silent. I didn't care for the television which is really an old fashioned tube style positioned behind a window to give a flat screen effect. But, then again, I wasn't there to watch television. I peaked into larger rooms when the doors were open and they looked nice. My husband joined me for the weekend and there was enough room for two in the standard room. The location, between 5th and 6th avenues was ideal for my business and evening activities... the theatre district is two blocks westward on Broadway. I didn't eat there so I can't comment on the food. On my next trip, I tried the Hotel Mela up the street because it was a bit less expensive and was so sorry I'd switched..tiny, ordinary, noisy. he City Club is the hotel for me next time I go to NYC.
84. I travel regularly for business and always stay at The Sunset Tower when I'm in LA. I am always pleased with the service so I decided to give the sister property in New York a try. What a mistake. The hotel is no where near the level of The Sunset Tower. The rooms were ok, but the service was terrible. Clearly the management of the hotel needs to be re-evaluated. The staff seemed clueless and no one was eager to please at all. When I'm travelling I am generally stressed and don't feel like dealing with incompetence. There was confusion at check in and I was downgraded to a room that supposedly had a queen sized bed, though I can't say I believe it was. Room service was a disaster. I kept being transferred between the restaurant and the front desk, with no one wanting to actually take my order. Like I said, I'm a frequent traveler so I understand that things can go wrong, but this hotel was just not up to my standards. I won't be staying there in the future, nor will I reccomend it to anyone else. I'm hoping that The Sunset Tower keeps it's standards a bit higher and doesn't follow suit and become a mess like the City Club!
85. I spent two nights here last December when, along with family and half the world, I came to Manhattan to see a show and enjoy the town, all decked out for Christmas. The hotel was recommended to me by my brother, who stays here frequently. Still, I was surprised to step off the street into this sort of large hallway that passes for the lobby. At the end of the lobby/hallway is the reception desk - stepping up to reception feels more like buying a ticket than checking in to a hotel - but then you get your key and around the corner you go to the elevators and up to where a normal-sized hotel awaits you! Pretty neat! The room was nicely appointed, the bathroom marbled to a fare-thee-well. This is an efficient, high standard urban bolt hole and I liked it a lot.
86. I only stayed for one night - excellent location. The room furnishings are very nice (contemporary and warm) and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was well appointed, and luxurious, albeit small. My bedroom windows were covered with drawn shades when I arrived, and when I opened them, they both looked directly at a brick wall only a few feet from the outside glass. As such, my room felt like an interior room on a cruise ship with no windows. This would be unacceptable to some. I dealt with it, but it made the room very "claustrophobic" feeling. Small complaint - I did not receive turn down service however my "do not disturb" sign was hanging on the door until about 5pm. Still, it would have been nice for them to attempt to turn down the room after 5pm. I arrived back around 11pm to find my room unserviced. Another small complaint is that the room doors are fairly loud when they close, and throughout the night several people came and went on our floor and the noise that their doors made when closing was startlingly loud. The walls are thin, and noise travels easily in this hotel. Another small complaint - the wireless internet is awful, but the wired internet is fine. Bigger compaint - the heating/cooling unit in the room was unacceptably noisy. All night long it was turning on and off every 15 minutes, and the noise was enough to prevent a good nights sleep. To give an idea - the unit was noisy enough that if you were watching TV and it came on, the TV volume needed to be roughly doubled to continue to hear it. Upon checkout, the front desk agent didn't bother to ask how my stay was, which was surprising. This is an acceptable hotel, but not one I'd try again. Too many other good choices in the city without the small annoyances that made my stay somewhat less than enjoyable.
87. I booked this place mainly based on location. Its off the beaten path of Times Square, but still walking distance. Wanted a nice place to help celebrate a dear friends birthday. I arrived early and was checked in, dropped my stuff off. Room wasn't ready. So we went and brunched and were called as soon as a room was available. Upon getting into the room, the room was small. But it was so well laid out, it didn't seem small in the least. What a most effiicient use of space. The upscale bathroom amenties had my friend and I "fighting" over them. But since its his birthday, he got them. Between shows, we were greeted by some amazing tasty cookies waiting for us in the room. After the 2nd Broadway show we saw, went back to the room to freshenup and hit the clubs. But the combination of walking around and the comfy comfy bed, we called it a night. Shame but next time I come back, I am definfately staying a longer time!
88. Found hotel on hotels.com. Price was very good, and the hotel mached it when I came in. it was $30 below the normal rate. They then gave us a free upgrade. The room was amazing. Turn down service was included and came with chocolate chip cookies. The staff its very friendly and helpful.
89. I stayed here just one night, traveling for work. Like everyone else says, the location is perfect and the hotel itself looks great and the staff was very friendly. I booked a queen room and was upgraded to the 2 story king. Great concept and lovely room. Only problem with being on 44th was the noise. Holy cow. It was loud until 4am and then only quiet for an hour. This might not bother many other people, but trying to fall asleep when you're two hours ahead of your natural clock is hard when it's loud. So, if quiet is really important to you - be sure to tell the front desk. They were super nice and helpful. Now, about that couch with the blanket...guys, really? I love a bed and breakfast, and can appreciate "homeyness" when appropriate - but that couch is old, dirty and uncomfortable. Might consider this for replacement, and wash the blanket. Gross. Turn down cookies and breakfast menu at 7:30 were nice touches, although I didn't get to enjoy breakfast. Room service was timely and prompt with delivery. The guy said he'd be back in an hour to pick up the tray, I waited 90 minutes and called for pickup. 30 minutes later I placed the tray outside of my room, put the dnd sign on the door and went to bed. All in all, I would stay here again. Loved the concept, the location and free wireless internet. I'd just ask for a quiet room and go out for dinner.
90. I can not believe that I have never stayed here before. It is in a great location (44th between 5th and 6th) and a very personable boutique hotel environment. If you need big crowds and big lobbies, don't go here, but if you like a nice room, nice people, a good locations, try it. My room was big for NYC standards and had a king size bed, a big table, nice comfy chair and a window seat. The TV was like a 47" or 50" set too! :). Bathroom well equiped - big shower and big sink, you weren't balancing your stuff on top of things you would rather not touch... Only complaint was that the room was warm even with AC cranked, but I would go here every time my budget allowed!
91. We found this hotel on an internet search, selected it due to its location near the theater where we were seeing a show the following day, but would definitely stay here again even if we were not seeing a show. The rooms, and amenities you can see for yourself on the internet, what the site will not tell you is the personal service the staff gives to their guests. Upon our arrival, we were upgraded, which just set the tone for our entire visit. We were traveling with Sam, our Shih Tzu and we cannot thank Hugo, the Front Office Manager, enough he went above and beyond to accommodate our needs. He personally looked after Sam for us as the show was going to get us back to the hotel later than Sam's schedule. Our room was well appointed in addition to having interesting architecture, the bed linens and bath towels were luxurious.
92. We booked a stay at the City Club for mid-July 2006. We booked the reservation on the hotel's website and thought we booked a queen-sized room. When we arrived, and despite the email confirmation I received and had with me, the hotel informed us that the only available room was a petite room, which was a full bed in a room that would have been better as a janitor's closet because it was so small. Although the bathroom was lovely, my husband and I barely fit in the room together. The TV was not a flat screen, but rather a 19 inch regular old TV. What a disappointment. We were told that the hotel's computerized booking system erred and resulted in us booking the wrong room. To his credit, the hotel manager tried to find us a room at another nearby hotel, but apparently they were sold out as well. The manager then discounted our rate, gave us a bottle of wine and free breakfast for the two mornings of our stay. The only reason I would stay here again is that the manager kept in email contact with me (I preferred email -- he offered to call instead) regarding our room and was quite helpful. The room, however, was so small and the bed so uncomfortable, that next time, rather than take the chance of this type of error happening again, I'd probably stay at the sort of big hotel I was trying to avoid in the first place.
93. Unless you have to stay on W44th Street for some reason, check into the Kimpton, Sofitel, or any number of places that will make you feel welcome no matter the size of your pocketbook. This place should return to being a private men's club, since it has no amenities for women: cold, hard floors with no rugs, no tubs unless you request one, no good mirrors in the bathroom, with dull, dim lights in the bathroom. No room to place place jewelry, books, or whatever - one small desk with a blotter. And to save space, the TVs are placed behind the mirror - what genius thought of this? You get horrible glare, the picture is blurred, and it's a most unwatchable experience. The closet door hits the wall scone when it opens, plus you can't walk around the bed and have the closet open at the same time. The towels were nice and the bed linens were clean, but having no rugs in the room, and having poor insulation around the windows makes for a very cold and icky stay. My room was on the 2nd floor above the restaurant kitchen which made for greasy cooking smells starting at 5:45 am. When I was 30 mins late for check out the front desk acted as if I had left a bloody carcass in the room - carrying on so, talking over me, lying (saying they called several time when they did not) and speaking to me not in the manner you want to hear after dropping $1100 on their stinking, small, dark, overpriced, overrated room! Sorry - I rant. But save yourself some stress and stay elsewhere.
94. I spent 7 nights there last Easter with my family. We had a family suite which consists on a queen and king rooms at the end of the corridor connected by a door that closes allowing the rooms to gain a spacious foyer. Our stay there was excellent, both the staff at reception and at the door were young and very helpful and attentive. We found the rooms to be a decent size for a family of 5 adults, nicely appointed with some well thought details. We had a double bed in each room as well as a daybed (the one in the king bedroom was a bit tight so we used the one in the queen room); it was made everyday, as opposed to what someone said in a previous post. The location on 44th between 5th and 6th, right opposite the Royalton can' t be beat. I strongly recommend it and would definetly return if we can book a similar rate.
95. The City Club provided the perfect setting for our recent romantic getaway to New York. We were allowed to check in 3 hours early...the staff and service was excellent...there is discounted garage parking across the street...the room was larger than expected for such a boutique hotel...room and bathroom were clean...trendy, modern decor throughout...there is free internet access and a free computer to use on the second floor lounge. the restaurant next door is supposed to be amazing...however we didnt eat there, b/c we wanted to explore other parts of the city. while some might be turned off from the "dark" feel throughout the hotel (dim lighting, dark-earth tones in the bathrooms, etc...) we thought it only added to the experience. the biggest drawback was the view of the brick wall and the bathroom was small but ample. however, we weren't in the room much (its New York after all) so it didn't really bother us at all. by far, the hotel's greatest asset is its location. nestled right between 6th and 5th avenue, and just blocks away from Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the Empire State Building, the only time we had to hop in a cab was to explore greenwhich village and the financial district. we would stay at the City Club again in a heartbeat...
96. Ended up here with a last minute booking via Hotelclub after the debacle of Dream Apartments (see other review) - and it was marvellous - well above expectations. The toiletries provided were large and good quality and replenished daily. Friendly and helpful staff with the room always immaculate and luggage handled quickly and efficiently. The bed was large (although the free update to their second level of room - the Queen Luxe - probably helped there) and extremely comfortable. The lighting was a little fiddly but the dimmer switches (which they did explain on check in, but I wasn't listening properly due to fatigue), once you worked them out, actually made it easy to get the lighting how you wanted it. The TV was behind a mirror which was a bit odd, and the mirror kept making me think there was another room through the gap in the wall (it was placed to look a bit like a doorway). I have to scrape the bottom of the barrel to find a negative, but the heating and cooling was a bit temperamental. I'm not sure if they're always this good or we got lucky, or indeed whether the middlepersons arranging the booking had asked them to look after us (following the previous experience with the other place). In any case I can warmly recommend this hotel to anyone requiring a comfortable place to stay in midtown Manhatten.
97. City Club hotel is definitely botique. Cost was fair (~300/night) given that it was 5 family members and the proximity to Times Square. Staff was friendly and helpful. The room did not have a lot of space for luggage/hanging clothes and desperately needs more hooks to hang towels. HVAC was challenging (a lot of fluctuation between hot and cold). Very convenient to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and shopping. Parking garage right across from the hotel ($45/night!). Hotel signage out front was very limited. Unless you know the exact address, you'll drive and then walk right by it.
98. Staff goes above and beyond all expectations. I pride myself on bouncing around from hotel to hotel, discovering new places and people: NO MORE! I will never stay elsewhere in the city, Stay here and know each time will be perfect. Book it now! - Enjoy
99. What a great find! I found a great, conveniently located hotel in New York City -- the City Club Hotel. We traveled to New York on dec. 26 to attend an event in the theater district. The rooms were cozy and well appointed -- very modern looking. The lighting added to the appeal (think trendy night club lighting). The bed was very comfortable and the tv was a good size. We had free wifi and I thought the nightly rate was perfect! The room also had a built in day bed which was nice. We will surely stay there again. There is a diner next door for breakfast, a parking lot across the street and it is in walking distance to time square.
100. Stayed for three nights, great value for the location and quality of accommodation. It's tight on space but nicely decorated and they've packed a lot of features and style into the place. However, the toiletries were not replenished during the stay until I requested and the room cleaning was minimal at best. We ate once in the restaurant downstairs and enjoyed the burgers ! The location is fantastic. No gym or pool but vouchers given for a nearby one. I'll stay there again but expect slightly less than I did this time - or will be aware that I need to keep on the housekeeping staff to have beds made and towels changed !
