1. Just returned today from a 4 night stay in Seattle at the Four Seasons. The service is typical Four Seasons, always there when you need them, with few flaws. The only complaint is the shower water pressure. I felt it was low, but my partner thought it was perfect. The bathroom is huge, with one of the deepest tubs I've ever seen in a hotel. The bathroom mirror has a television built into it. Great idea! Lights are on dimmers in every room. The view of Puget Sound was perfect. The front desk staff addressed me by name every time I passed the desk, and always with a smile. The business center was spotlessly clean, and offered new computers and printers. We did not eat at ART, but would like to next time. The hotel location could not have been better.
2. I stayed here in a corner Elliott Bsy Suite with my husband and my son. The hotel room was very nicely appointed, but I was not crazy about the color scheme, if I can be picky. The room was very comfortable and well-appointed, and very clean. One thing that I did not understand was why they didn't put any heating vents in the bathroom. It was a very chilly day in Seattle, and the bathroom was always very cold. Heated floors would have been a nice touch. Other than that, I would highly recommend this hotel.
3. I live in Vancouver, BC, Canada which is across the boarder from Seattle however I had to stay overnight for business meetings. I would highly recommend the Four Seasons Hotel. In one word this hotel is perfection. Literally there is nothing wrong with this hotel. I am very picky about the level of service I receive in hotel and there is not one think I could complain about this hotel is the BEST hotel I have ever stayed at.
4. We just returned from a 3 night stay over Labor Day weekend & loved this hotel. I paid for a sedan pick up throught the hotel which made it all less stressful upon arrival. One we arrived the staff was outstanding and our partial bay view room clean, bright and very comfortable. One thing to note though is if you look at the hotel images of the sound/bay view, it will look like an unobstructed. The reality is that you will see smoke stacks and a storage facility in front of the hotel, looking towards Puget Sound, plus a very busy elevated highway when looking out. Which is a shame but Seattle is a bustling big city and these things are there. The one thing I really loved about our room was the deep soaking tub. If you like taking baths versus showers, you will love it!! The other best feature about the location of the hotel is that there is an entrance to the Fish/Farmers market directly accross the street, so if it rains and the marketplace is open (9-5:30?) you can walk through it without ever getting wet. We ordered an in room breakfast our first morning and paid $88.00. Walk into the marketplace & get yourself some awesome coffee, dounuts, freshly made crepes and paying far less is my suggestion. But my ricotta pancakes and lemon curd were quite delicous!! Enjoy your stay...we certainly did and should have at $1280.00 for 3 nights!
5. Stayed at the wonderful four seasons for 3 nights for work and sightseeing. I've stayed at many different four seasons properties across the globe and this one is better than the average four seasons. The service is great. The front desk and lobby staff are super friendly and go out of their way to helpful. They made great restaurant recommendations (metropolitan grill was my fav) and assisted us in storing/refrigerating some food we purchased at nearby Pike market. The location is great - very close to the famous pike market and acquarium (great for kids). Seattle is a terrific walking city with lots of shopping choices and we found the four seasons to be a great home base to see everything. The room was very high quality and modern. Love the in mirror tv. Always appreciate the turn down service with complimentsry bottles of water. The housekeeping staff was invisible yet they always cleaned our room whenever we left the room, which is the way it should be. Had a nice view of the water from our room. Very nice room overall. The fitness center has pretty new equipment but not much choice. Nice views of the water from the treadmill. Pool was closed, outside only and pretty small. The spa was pleasant, and massage was good like most other four seasons spas. The locker room was a bit disappointing - small with a steam room but no sauna or whirlpool. Wifi Internet worked well but was expensive. Tv choices were great - even had nfl network. Had breakfast one morning and it was uneventful as the food was very average - you're better off walking to a nearby diner. Overall I would definitely recommend the four seasons Seattle to anyone traveling to Seattle for work or fun.
6. Everything was perfect. When we checked in the girl at the front dest caught the names of the kids and called them by name the entire time we were there. The kids got special treats which made them happy! The hotel is close to everything so you don't need a car to get around.
7. From Start to Finish, our stay was fantastic. Every single staff member worked with a singular purpose - Provide First Class Hospitality...and they do! The rooms were spotless, and the restaurant food was delicious, beautiful and priced lower than I expected. The bar fills with locals during M-Th Happy Hour, but clears out by 8:00 leaving plenty of room for hotel guests. The infinity pool is a great way to spend an afternoon, and the staff was very attentive. The cool towels they offered were a nice treat to help beat the heat. (We happen to be there for 85 degree weather...) We will be coming back soon!
8. We stayed here for three nights before our Alaskan cruise. The room was large and clean and very quiet. Recommend the bay view, was outstanding! The location is excellent, can walk just about anywhere, markets, piers, shopping. The staff was excellent and attentive but not overbearing. The infiniti pool with fireplace wasbeautiful place to relax. This hotel had a lot of little complimentary touches that added to the overall stay. The restaurant was excellent for food and service! Our only negatives were two: our bed size, had to book room with two doubles and when you are used to a King, it's very small, might book the King with two rollaways next time but beds were very comfortable. Second, the internet fee was per device! We all had iPads so it added up quick! Overall, stay was wonderful and can't wait to return!
9. My wife and I were visiting Seattle and had the pleasure of staying at this incredible hotel.. The lobby was magnificent.. candles everywhere and an incredible fireplace with architecture to match! The staff were all friendly and helpful.. We stayed on the fourth floor.. not usually where we like to stay at any hotel , however the room was beautiful with all the amenities we could ever want. We loved the TV in the bathroom mirror and the shower was awesome with the dual showerheads (although the pressure was lacking)... Our room was right across from the spa, gym and pool... which was great as they always had fresh lemon water there even though it was a little too cool and rainy to use the small pool. One of the two negatives were the tiny bathroom shade, which left a half-inch on both sides, thus possibly exposing us to outside onlookers. The other issue was a major problem -- the air conditioning shut down and we had to have maintenance come at 6:30 in the morning and vacuum the water in the internal drip pan making a whole LOT of noise and totally knocking our experience down a few steps and why I gave the room only 4 stars... The hotel is only a block and a half from the famous Pike Place market and we took EVERY chance to go there and had an great time!! For anyone looking for an incredible Seattle experience, the Pike Place market is the place to go!! We loved that the hotel was so close!
10. We have stayed in numerous hotels in downtown Seattle and have always appreciated being able to walk to nearby attractions. The Four Seasons is adjacent to Pike Place Market and it was a pleasure to sneak over for an early morning stroll through the Market prior to our conference. All aspects of our visit to the hotel were stellar. Great service, amenities and guestrooms. We would highly recommend staying here and think it is one of the highlights of our worldly travels. It is definitely would be a place to receive
11. The Four Seasons in Seattle is a beautiful hotel in a perfect location, but what sets it apart from other hotels is the magnificent staff. The front desk is very accommodating. The concierge arranged wonderful in room massages for us and provided excellent directions to our destinations. The wait staff at the Art restaurant even helped us plan our itinerary each day and gave us valuable insights as to great spots to visit that weren't as touristy such as the Fremont Market. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful. The hotel lobby is lovely and the rooms are serene. The bathroom is huge. We had a room on a high floor facing the city and it was very quiet. The beds are comfortable. The breakfasts are wonderful. I was very impressed and would return for future visits.
12. This is everything you expect at Four Seasons, beautiful great service and high quality. For valet parking I like that they have their own garage below the hotel rather than off site. Had a lower leve 4th floor room facing street and was happy to find hotel so well built I did not notice the street noise. The water view side does have a view of the sound but I mostly noticed the industrial buildings between the hotel and sound, perhaps better view at higher level. I am in Seattle often but only my second time here as the prices swing dramatically in this market. I tend to shop this against Hotel 1000, not quite as upscale as Four Seasons but a good barometer. When priced in mid $200's best hotel in Seattle, even if they hit you for $11 wireless.
13. We just arrived back from a wonderful trip to Seattle at the Four Seasons, it is a beautiful hotel with a perfect location as we walked everywhere. The weather was in the 70s, no humidity and sunny everyday. We went for a romantic getaway, one night we took a cab to Canlis which I highly recommend for a special occasion dinner, it was exquisite. The staff at the Four Seasons is very warm and it has a very modern lobby, a beautiful fire place and they make you feel special as a guest and welcome you back. The bedding was lovely and the bathroom was amazing, they had a built in plasma in the bathroom mirror which was a really fun way to watch the news in the morning with a lovely soaking tub. We had a partial water view and I agree the views are a bit industrial, but besides that minor comment we loved the hotel. We took advantage of their special offer for three nights and they were very accommodating to let us check in early and two hours late. When we checked in they gave us a coupon for $25 off the spa for each of us, so we used the spa, which is lovely and get a couples massage for no extra cost, although the view was very industrial from the massage room, but besides that we really enjoyed it. They offer a beautiful relaxation room with tea, snacks and water. We took a water plane to Victoria for a day trip and I would highly recommend that experience spectacular views and it is a beautiful city!
14. My husband and I stayed here for part of our 30th Anniversary trip; it was the best part of our vacation. From the extremely knowledgeable and courteous concierge, the restaurants, room service, everything was an experience to remember. The room had a water view and the bed was like laying on the clouds. The hotel was located across the street from an entrance to Pike Place Market and within walking distance of the major shops. I wouldn't hesitate to go back again!
15. This was my first stay at a Four Seasons when I was on a business trip. I had high expectations which were surpassed in every way. I was in a standard room which was huge. Amazingly comfortable beds, huge bathroom with a huge deep bath and a TV in the mirror, Customr service was exceptional in every way especially in the bar where the bar staff made exceptional cocktails. The Spa and Gym were top quality and well worth the money. Highly recommended if you can get to stay here.
16. I have stayed at this hotel several times on business (I travel to Seattle 6-10 times per year) and have never been disappointed. The staff is phenom - always friendly and helpful. The beds are extremely comfortable. The rooms are spacious. (Did I mention there is a full stall shower, a soaking tub, AND a TV in the bathroom mirror?) The location is incredible. My only complaint about this place is that I have to leave... although I suppose I could move into one of their residential units. The little touches and personable service at this hotel cannot be beat in the Seattle area.
17. The Four Seasons Seattle is brand spanking new and was the reason we chose to drive down from Vancouver for a few days over the holidays. The hotel is perfectly located right next to the Pike Place Market with views over the water. The rooms are typical Four Seasons city hotel decor everything is perfectly in place but to be honest a wee bit boring. Common areas are lovely and the bar is a nice place to sip a cocktail and was quite buzzing. Staff were nice and attentive but not quite as polished as other properties that have been around a bit longer, to be expected given they had just opened. Would not hesitate to book here again next time we are in Seattle. One minor criticism we would have would be with housekeeping. One of the reasons we love the Four Seasons is the invisible housekeeping we have experienced. At other properties we have marveled at how every time we left the room it was miraculously made up when we returned and we never ever see a maid. At this location it seemed that we were always bumping into the housekeeping staff and the timing of the room refresh was always off, evening turndown service always came when we were in the room and we had to settle for grabbing a couple a fresh towels and a bar of soap from the maid through the doorway.
18. My husband and I stayed at this hotel two weeks ago. We were en route to British Columbia and decided to spend 2 nights in Seattle. We were booked at another privately owned boutique hotel close by which appeared to be nice on its website but when I realized the Four Seasons was only $25 more night, I immediately canceled that reservation and booked with the Four Seasons and was very glad I did. We arrived late around 11 PM but we were still on NY time and it was 2 AM for us. We were very tired and were thrilled at how comfy the beds were and loved the delicious pizza we ordered from room service. The rooms/bathrooms were lovely but much smaller than the Four Seasons in NYC (the one in NYC is about $200 more a night also, so I guess you get what you pay for). We LOVED the tv embedded into the bathroom mirror..very nice unexpected touch. We had breakfast at ART and the lemon ricotta pancakes were to die for ( i have also had these at the NYC location but they were even better here). If you are going to Seattle and thought this hotel would be out of your price range check it out anyway. We got a great rate would definitely stay here again. The location is perfect!
19. Very comfortable. If anything they are too nice and accommodating--if that is possible. Views of Elliot Bay, wood accents, generously sized-rooms. I was impressed. According to some of the Seattlites in my group, the restaurant and lounge, called ART, has one of Seattle's best Happy Hours. Endless exotic cheese table, Tapas Unlimited, Mini-Burgers, Proscuitto di Parma board, and Calamari was good enough to skip dinner.
20. Excellent service nice hotel decor. If traveling with children the hotel does a great job at recognizing them. Seattle has a few great hotels but none match the level of service that the Four Seasons offers. Location by Pikes Place Market is an added bonus. When booking your room check room size because they do vary. Lobby is limited so if planning any type of business conversation meet off site there is no place to talk in private.
21. I have been to Seattle many times and have stayed at many fine hotels however The Four Seasons Seattle trumps them all. The service by all the employees from bell staff, bar, front desk, spa, concierge desk, housekeeping, all of them are perfect professionals who aims to please all their customers. It is always worth staying at a Four Seasons Hotel anywhere in the world as they are all about first class service and making the customer feel special. Great rooms with great views of Seattle, perfect location very close to Pike's Market and shopping. Close to the convention centre for those of you staying here on business which was in my case for this trip. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to experience a stressfree, first class experience. Check out my profile on tripadvisor of the places I have stayed to realize that I know what I am talking about when it comes to first class hotels and restaurants.
22. Hotel looked impressive. Swimming pool was incredibe. Room very nice... except: only one chair to sit in... very hard to have breakfast with partner (don't like eating in bed). Wireless connect wasn't working right. We had corner room and curtains would not operate correctly. Had to stand on chair and yank curtains closed. 24 hour fast ironing service (advertized heavily) was not available... turned shirts/pants in at 8pm and were not delivered back until 8am. Ordered room service for breakfast... it was late by 20 minutes. Good thing our meeting wasn't til 9! For the price of $500 + I would stay at Hotel 1000 any day.
23. My husband and I stayed overnight on a quick trip up from Vancouver. The hotel is in a great location, only a couple of minutes walk to the Farmer's Market. We found the staff to be very friendly and efficient, especially the concierge, a lovely lass called Meaghan. As we were new to the city, she was able to suggest several places to visit and also which public transport to take. Our room was excellent with a lovely view onto the pool area. I was delighted to see they had a firepit for guests to sit by in the morning after a swim while waiting for the sun to appear. We enjoyed cocktails in the lounge but didn't get to try the restaurant, although the menu was impressive, as we were going elsewhere for dinner. We would definitely recommend the Four Seasons. Also look out for the yummy chocolate shop adjacent to the foyer
24. We stayed here in late December. The room was immaculate and bed was amazing. The windows span the length of the floor which is nice and it offers a great view, we had windows that spanned the length (horizontal) of our room facing the mountains and sea. The bath was nice, separate toilet and bath as well as shower, lots of glass and TV in the mirror. Everyone at the hotel was great, no complaints there. The hotel is also a short walk from Pike's Place as well as some of the more notable attractions the city has to offer. There's also a staircase right next to the hotel that takes you right down to the docks. Across the street is the Seattle Art museum. Overall the hotel was perfect, clean, new, and a great place to sleep. Would come here again.
25. We reserved & checked into a beautiful harbor view room. It was very well planned... lots of storage, the chaise positioned perfectly for enjoying the view, and a spacious bathroom. Due to a small problem with the door, we were upgraded to a 1 room suite. It was amazing... an even better view, HUGE amount of space, beautiful fireplace, extra half bathroom and dining room. Very friendly and helpful staff, always greeting us whenever we saw them. We were pleasantly surprised to learn that the Pike Street Market was so close, and that we could access it through a small mall across the street from the hotel.
26. The location is great, the market is literally around the corner and it is close to the waterfront. Waterfront views are fantastic, and so is the pool area. The gym facility is not staffed like some other Four Seasons I have stayed at. Don't pay the ridiculous amount for breakfast at the hotel, walk to the market where you can get all kinds of choices at reasonable prices. Valet service was prompt. Had access to hotel car as well, which was very convenient. As other reviews have stated, the pool area is fantastic. Overall great place to stay.
27. Our stay at the four seasons seattle was our first time staying here and we were not disappointed. The location was very central for shopping, visiting the waterfront and pikes place market. The hotel staff was all fantastic, we had great service at the concierge, front desk, lounge, bell desk, and restaurant. The staff was great at remembering us and greeting us warmly. The rooms were well designed and spacious, but very simple. Bathroom was large with a wonderful shower and bath area. Anything this hotel lacks they make up with the incredible staff. We did not encounter one rude staff member while we were there. Definitely would stay here again.
28. From the moment we walked in, this hotel (and its staff) blew us away. Each member of the staff greeted us by name -- including knowing our different last names and our daughter's first name. They kept track of where we went and asked my daughter if she enjoyed it. The recommendations provided for dining and activities were top shelf. The rooms are beautiful and definitely worth mentioning, but the true standout at this property is the staff. We have stayed in numerous Four Seasons properties throughout the world (including Paris) and this is hands down the top hotel for Service. This was our third vacation in Seattle and we will never stay anywhere else.
29. We just spent 5 nights at this hotel. The entire experience was beyond excellent! The best staff of any hotel we've stayed in. Rooms were very nice, comfortable and well appointed. And nice roomy bathroom! Can't wait to go back soon!
30. I spent three pleasant evenings at the Four Seasons Seattle in May, 2009. I would recommend the hotel to other travelers. The hotel is a new structure, of modest height, right on Seattle’s waterfront. A few of the rooms have direct waterfront views. Many other rooms (mine included) overlook the pool area and have diagonal views of the water. There are also rooms which look out over the streets that surround the hotel (I thiink I'd try to avoid those). The interior décor is modern (think bleached wood, and Scandinavian design). The standard rooms are of decent size, and include a built in desk with two chairs (one a high tech swivel chair with mesh back and seat) and one easy chair. The easy chair suffers (just a little) from the modern design problem – i.e., it’s beautiful to look at but nowhere near as comfortable as a traditional overstuffed arm chair. The room was perfectly quiet during my stay (no noise from adjoining rooms, nor any detectable noise from the outside). The lighting in the room is good – each of the reading locations has a light source of more than ample wattage. All of the linens and bedding were of the normal high Four Seasons quality. The service was excellent. All my interactions with the front desk were handled precisely and efficiently. The concierge offered a dinner recommendation, and followed up with an inquiry about the meal. The one breakfast I ate in the restaurant was very good. This hotel lacks some of the charm and history that the Olympic Hotel provided when it was managed by Four Seasons. That said, this is a very fine hotel, and one I would be glad to visit again.
31. My husband and I had an unexpected 24 hour layover in Seattle on our way to Cambodia. As my husband had never been to Seattle, we picked the Four Seasons for its proxemity to the waterfront and Pike's Market. The rooms were beautiful. We enjoyed the large soaking tub, the ability to watch the news in the mirror while getting dressed in the morning, and the view of the water. Just like all Four Seasons stays, this one was fantastic. The only negative could happen anywhere...I left my jewelry pouch on the made bed. It had several irreplaceable items int it. I called within 45 minutes of checking out but they didn't have any of their staff members report it.
32. This is not a usually grandiose Four Seasons Hotel. The building outside appearance was not very attractive and at night the area was very dark. But inside the hotel, it was Four Seasons quality as usual: New modern comfortable spacious room (but the decor & furniture were not cozy) and great service. I was really impressed with their "fibre" high speed internet connection; it's even better than at home! Overall it's a very nice hotel.
33. What can I say, if you've done any Four Seasons its a very plush known quantity. We always deal directly with any hotel/resort we are staying at, rather than book online, even with their own website. There is always added value going this route, whether it be a personal touch, like the child sized Four Season bathrobes and cute stuffed animal gifts laid out for the children, or even an upgrade bc you make the reservation agent laugh. Front desk service was inviting, very "proper", and yet not stuffy. We stayed here for the weekend after a week long rental on Whidbey Island. We could see the city for a couple of days, and ya know, stay at the Four Seasons...weekends are always cheaper. The rooms are beautifully well appointed, beds uber comfy and sheets with fairy tale softness. The bathrooms are downright interior designer porn. Nice big flatscreen, wifi (I think I paid), and groovy infinity pool and hot tub with a view. We ordered in the first night, and though the food was beautiful and delicious. However, it looked better than it tasted and for the amount we spent could have eaten at a high end restaurant. Wonder if the in house restaurant would have had a little better food, but with the kid's with us, it was the best food we were going to get. THey did have a children's menu. Anyway, after looking at the various Kimpton properties, and W, on the Trip Advisor reviews, I decided that Four Seasons was a no brainer. And we were well rewarded for staying here.
34. Unbelieavably wonderful service. The kind where you think if care so genuinely about your stay or if they are just paid to do so. I believe they really care or they are good actors. You can stay one night but everyone including the doorman knows your name and greets you. Awesome view, awesome location right next to the museum and pike place market. I won't go into the amenities and how nice the rooms are but rest assured it's the four seasons and there are no better rooms I have stayed in even compared to st Regis and ruts carltons of the world. To top it off, their rates are very low compared to four seasons in other cities. I highly recommend it as the stay is well worth the money!
35. Amazing service from the second you drive up. Always opening doors, calling you by name, offered me an upgraded room, fast room service, excellent food at the restaurant, beautiful views from the room, great pool area (with firepit) and great gym. really excellent brand new hotel. right down in the heart of seattle - near pike's place - minutes to belltown, minutes to the freeway to redmond, etc.
36. This is a stellar hotel sitting right on the edge of the sound. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, with excellent appointments. All just what you'd expect from a Four Seasons. The service is equally charming and attentive. This the kind of hotel that makes travelling the perfect mix of adventure and creature comforts.
37. I lucked out with a conference rate and was quite pleased, worth the extra walk to get to the convention center. The hotel is fairly new and definitely up to 4 seasons standards, similar to the one in Denver in decor. The room was quite large with a separate bedroom separated from a large bathroom by a small hallway-- I had a city view room but could see the harbor in a reflection on the building across the street. As is typical of 4 seasons, the staff really made the experience with everyone being very helpful and friendly, including providing a town car for trips around town when it was available. The hotel is 1 block from the Pike Place Market, 7 blocks from the convention center, and 3 blocks from the Westlake station that will take you to the Space Needle.
38. In my multiple yearly trips to Seattle over the past 15 years I always looked forward to the FS Olympic. I was bummed when it left the FS family. Great things are worth waiting for. The FS Seattle is so much better. The location at Union and 1st is perfect and close to the wharf and freeways and shopping. The staff is top notch. We had a 700am meeting across town and the restaurant staff and midnight shift room service worked together to serve us breakfast in the restaurant. The rooms have fabulous water views. The rooms are modern yet very uncomfortable and bathrooms are the spectacular (if you like bathrooms) The FS experience has retuned to Seattle better than ever and this is the best for business, family, or a city get away, You will not be dissapointed at the Four Seasons Seattle
39. I spent one night at the Four Seasons on a business trip. We arrived before check in time. My friend's room was ready, mine was not. We decided to have lunch. It was quite a nice lunch, although the view of the Public Storage facility is not the best. During the lunch my key arrived and our bags were taken to the rooms and correctly put in each room. I had a very good room service breakfast, right on time. This has all the usual feel of a Four Serasons, including excellent service. I would happily stay there again. I had a view of the water, which is very interesting and I would recommend it. It can be so nice to just relax into a Four Seasons and know things will be done right!
40. just completed a 4 night stay in a deluxe elliott bay suite...luxury unsurpassed, staff amazingly friendly & helpful. pool area, albeit small, decadent in its service. room service quick & efficient-person who answered the phone noticed i had a cold, sent up a complimentary cup of tea w/honey! concierge, eric loan in particular, assisted in helping us plan our trip in advance, reservations, taxis, etc...all handled w/the utmost of professionalism.
41. The location of The Four Seasons is perfect to Pike's market. I don't think we could have gotten any closer. We actually stayed at this hotel to be close to the market. The room was beautiful and spacious. We had Mother's Day Brunch at their restraunt and it was amazing, absolutely amazing. The food presentation was beautiful and everything tasted perfect. The food service was great also. Great shopping is within walking distance, along with many restraunts. The only thing I would say that was slightly negative about this hotel, is they are not very friendly when you're looking for advice or information. They seemed to be bothered by to many questions and never engaged in offering suggestions easily. We visited Pike's market every day we were there and the market was filled with happy energy and good foods.
42. Great hotel that is right next to Pike street market. Rooms are very comfortable. The pool/jacuzzi setting is great considering you are in a busy downtown area. Be advised that the rooms don't photograph well, the pictures posted by travelers are not that great because of the room color/decor are somewhat plain, the rooms look much better in real life than the pictures show.
43. Just returned from 3 night stay in Seattle for work. Four Seasons was fantastic. The rooms and location (50 yards from Pike Place) were great, and the service even better. I left home in a hurry and forgot shaver, deodorant and cufflinks. The hotel had the first two up to my room in around 2 minutes, and for the cufflinks they were able to get a contact at Brooks Brothers to open the store for them at 7:30am, and they brought back a pair of exactly what I asked for, well in advance of when I needed to leave for work that morning. I will definitely be back and will try to bring the family on vacation there as well. I highly recommend it.
44. Without realizing it we arrived at the hotel when Manchester United was staying there. After I had to be told who they were(we aren't soccer fans! )we proceeded to have a fabulous stay despite the total chaos that MU presence brought to the hotel. With hundreds of fans outside the hotel, kept behind police tape, my family and I were able to come and go without any hassle. Not even so much as being asked to show proof we were guests in order to re-enter the hotel. It's that Four Seasons magic-they had a security system in place that protected those that needed it but didn't hassle other hotel guests. The hotel rooms are beautiful. Our party had 2-one waterfront corner 1 bedroom suite and one waterfront deluxe room. The deluxe room was so spacious that I had to make sure it wasn't the suite before the kids settled into it! Location fabulous. Right across the street from the art museum, right at Pike's Market. Very close to lots of what's happening in Seattle. If you have the time arrange a tour of the city on your first day, DO IT!! The concierge set up small group van tour which was 3 hours and very interesting. Even went out to the locks and saw the boats coming through them. Also saw the "steps" at the locks. The fish ladder built to facilitate fish returning upstream to spawn. We spent about 1/2 hour at the locks. It was a nice break from sitting in a tour van and this part of the tour really catches the children's attention. If you're a fish lover than Seattle is the right town for you. We had some of the freshest, most creatively prepared fish on this trip. Don't miss the opportunity when in Seattle to enjoy the fish-and of course the coffee!! A coffee shop on every corner! My coffee addicted husband thought he'd died and gone to heaven! Hard not to have fun in this town and can't wait to go back again.
45. My husband and I enjoyed the best service of any hotel in Seattle. No one would be disappointed with the ambiance, service, and amenities here. In addition, it is a mere step away from the places all visitors want to be. The location could not be better.
46. Just spent a weekend at the Four Seasons in Seattle. The room was wonderful and we were looked after expertly by everyone at the hotel. Great location too. We enjoyed the gym and spa facilities - the steam room was amazing. Everything at the hotel was well thought out. Highly recommend to anyone thinking of visiting.
47. I had a very good one night stay here at a hotel that truely fits in the luxury category. (Bill Gates supposedly owns one of the condos above) My room service was interesting and tasty. Everything in the room worked well and was comfortable and I really enjoyed the outdoor hot tub. Of course every little thing is very expensive but that's what you expect at a place like this. The view from the hot tub was great. My room cost $50 more for having a "partial view" of the sound which I took only because it was the last room available in Seattle that night. Please... Don't be silly, there was no view without getting a neck ache. This property offers everything I could think of wanting in a downtown Seattle luxury hotel. Oh yeah, the location is awesome with a great view and right by the Pike Place market and walking distance to everything downtown.
48. It was my pleasure to stay at the Seattle Four Season's for a stay-cation with my husband. I was impressed with their offering the hotel's personal car service when I inquired about a taxi and loved the room on the pool level facing Puget Sound. We were also thrilled with the service from our server and food for breakfast at the restaurant as well.
49. The first plus is the ease of finding the hotel. When travelling from north of the city Exit 165B and travel on Union Street until the street ends. We were greeted by a thoughtful staff and eventhough an entire European soccer club was staying at the hotel and mobs of fans littered the area around the hotel we were made to feel welcomed. We were never were bothered by the fans and the hotel was really quiet even while at full occupancy. The hotel has a modern design (no this is not the Olympia) with a fireplace going non-stop in the lobby, lovely marble bathrooms and the use of light coloured wood in rooms. I enjoyed the artwork in the rooms and public areas. The food was great. We ate breakfast in the dining room every morning and we were not disappointed. We ordered room service too and enjoyed our snacks. The pool area has been well thought out. The pool is small but freshing after a full day of shopping (The Nordstorm rack is only 2 blocks away). The unique fire pit beside the hot tub is a fun addition to the pool area but be careful in the wind (don't burn your feet)! The location of this hotel is great. It is directly across from the Seattle Art Museum. The Pike Place market is only one block away! On a nice day you can even walk to the Space Needle from the hotel. It's about 12 blocks away. I would go back in a mintue if only to use the spa area. If you are going stay in Seattle why wouldn't you stay here?
50. I got in late on a Monday and was quickly helped by the bell man and checked in by the concierge, I went upstairs to the largest City hotel room I've ever stayed in. Everything seemed super-sized from New York or DC. The bathtub in the bathroom was large and inviting, the walk in rain shower so large! I also didn't realize how close Pike Place Market was, it was literally like a 3 minute walk up the street, so the downtown location can't be beat. The inside of the hotel was spotless, the only thing that left to be desired was the view, I had a city-view, I'm imaging the lake view was much nicer but also much more expensive. I didn't go into the pool but the pool area had a great view, there were lots of chairs and a fire in case it was cold. The only strange thing about the hotel was that one of the things it faces is a giant public storage building. We had an event and the food was fantastic, the service there was also great, everyone was just so helpful and friendly, I can't wait to go back. My one complaint was that we didn't get to stay longer.
51. I stayed in Seattle for two nights, and this property it really is worth every penny, rooms are magnificent, very large and equipped with all modern technologies, good leisure facilities with Fitness center, Spa and outdoor pool. The location is amazing: just a block away from the Pike Market. great place to stay and discover Seattle
52. This is unlike most Four Seasons: a smaller, boutique style with a " Scandinavia meets Zen" interior design. The lobby is rather dark, lit by a fire and little candles/ nightlights even in the middle of the day, which I found a bit disconcerting. Overall, I found the design effects rather bland and not very comfortable. Upstairs, the corridors are narrow and featureless - imagine a 3 star airport hotel. However service IS true FS standard and very efficient. We had drinks and snacks one evening in the ART bar, which was positively buzzing (it WAS Happy Hour) with a most convivial atmosphere. Dinner in the ART restaurant the following evening in the restaurant was more indifferent. The bedroom was fine, usual excellent bedding and linens and the bathroom lovely and spacious with a great rainhead shower; yes, the TV in the bathroom mirror is a gimmick, but we found it entertaining (never seen THAT before)! As tourists who had never previously visited Seattle, we thought the location is very good (so close to Pike Place and easy walk downtown) and I would recommend the hotel as it is a high standard. However this isn't one of the "raves", but probably the best Seattle has to offer?
53. Beautiful hotel with great amenities. The room was very spacious and everything was very clean. I do wish that they would have coffee/tea available throughout the morning, was only able to get it one morning. The location was great, right across from Pike's Place Market.
54. Warm, personable, intelligent and competent staff from the doorman to the concierge to the management. The hotel lives the philosophy of its founder, Isadore Sharp. The restaurant food and service was so good, it was almost a disappoint when we ate anywhere else in Seattle.
55. We stayed here after returning from Orcas Island for our last day and night of vacation. We were upgraded and the room was fabulous. Service was out of this world. Stop into Fran's chocolate shop for an extra special sweet. The infinity pool is beautiful and oh so serene. Fitness center is well equipped and has a great view. Staff arrived several minutes into my workout and brought water to me on the treadmill... with a lid and straw, which just happened to fit perfectly into the cup holder... Now that's service!
56. Property is in great location, halfway between the piers, sightseeing and shopping districts (key since it is a hilly city). Superb service and beautifully maintained property. Nice restaurant/bar, and welcoming lobby. The tv in the bathroom mirror is a cool gadget and convenient amenity. The best activity in the hotel: watch the sunset while enjoying a bottle of nice Washington Cabernet or Syrah and marveling at the Puget Sound view by the fire pit in the pool/jacuzzi area! Standard Superior Room and City-View Room are ok. Do not get a Partial Bay View Room as the part of the view that is not the bay is a less than desirable view (unappealing residential building with residents looking your way). And to look at the bay you need to strain your neck next to the window. Best choice is a Deluxe Bay-View Room or, if willing to splurge, any of the suites.
57. I stayed here in November and it was my first trip to Seattle. I wanted to near the tourist spots and didn't want to rent a car. Well, it was a long day of walking, but I think I managed to see everything on the beaten path. We had brunch both days at Art and one lunch. The food was delicious. The hotel feels very new and modern. Nice bar scene and fireplace.
58. Our room was beautiful, the staff was very helpful and any and all requests were cheerfully honored. We were treated to the excellence of service that one expects at a fine hotel. Every detail, every convenience at your finger tips. The location is in the heart of Pike Place Market. Within walking distance of many fine restaurants and right across the street from the SAM -- art museum. The pool was just what we needed to cool off on a hot day (100 degrees) while watching the sunset in the bay. Staff couldn't have been more helpful with dinner reservations, recommendations, etc...Prior to our stay at the Four Seasons, we had been at another hotel (Pan Pacific) and experienced such poor service fromt the staff that we moved out and up, so to speak! Well worth the move. Would go back in a heartbeat!
59. This four season's hotel fully delivers. In addition to amazing rooms and service, we took advantage of their spa, which is probably the best in town. The facilities are perfect, the service is outstanding and the amenities are phenomenal. The food and service at Art restaurant was without fault. I highly recommend this facility.
60. But you will pay $$$$ for the amenities that come with it. :) That's to be expected though as it's one of the nicest hotels in the city. The neighborhood, while close to tourist attractions, can be a bit dodgy at night. It's right by the water though and has really pretty views during the day. The rooms are immaculate, with lots of closet space and square footage. The bathrooms are to die for and great for couples. Probably my favorite thing about the hotel. Marble floors and tub, TV inside the mirror and rainforest shower heads. Amazing. The fitness room while small comes with nice amenities like ice-cold towels and lemon infused water. There's also an infinity pool outside if you prefer to do laps in the morning instead.
61. the location is fabulous. just steps away from downtown and pike market. only a few minutes walk to pioneer square. the rooms are very cold and minimalist--it's way to cool to have curves and warmth. for a hotel group with the reputation of the four seasons the service level is not what i expected. i had to pry room cleaning out of the housekeeping deparrment(they said they clean rooms between 9 and 5:30). the last thing one wants after being out of a hotel room ALL DAY with the only wish to have a quick nap is to find a room that hasn't been cleaned (and it is late afternoon). perhaps with the economic downturn they have had to decrease staff and service. perhaps service depends on room level; i felt like my room didn't rate. i usually stay at the inn at market. i regret not staying there this trip.
62. We went to the Four Season with the kids for a little Staycation in Seattle and it was wonderful. The location is fantastic, just steps away from Pike Place and the Piers. The pool was a hit with the kids, as was the brownie sundae by the pool!! Amazing place.
63. I stayed for three nights on business. Got a corner room with two double beds. Good views on both sides. Good sized room. Fantastic bathroom. Quality fixtures. Quite air conditioning. Wonderful professional service. Nice business center where I printed my boarding pass. The hotel is within walking distance to mostly everything, or within inexpensive cab ride distance. (Seattle downtown is a really nice walking downtown so I would walk instead of catching a cab whenever possible.) Would definitely stay here again. At the end of the conference, I also got a massage at the Spa. I was settled into a room overlooking the Elliot Bay. All the facilities are top-notched. The bed was heated, the pillow was adjusted, and the room was sizable. My massage therapist was Lauren. I just have to say, her techniques are superb. She worked my kinks in silence and hit all the right spots. Would definitely come here again.
64. Great service, location (very close to Pike Market) & the beds are always like sleeping on a cloud. I guess that's what you would expect while staying at the Four Seasons right? We have also have a 3 yr old & they were extremely accomodating with him as well.
65. The strip joint located next door has closed. The hotel artwork is worth a re-visit. Located directly accross the street from the Seattle Art Museum. Stunning view's of the water and museum. The best and biggest tub's in town and a huge shower.
66. My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons for three nights during our wedding weekend. We had a nice, large room with an excellent view of the water (over the viaduct and some buildings, as others have noted). The bed was nicely positioned so you could lay in bed while enjoying the views. The bathroom was great with a large soaking tub as well as a separate double headed shower. We ordered room service for breakfast all three mornings and all of the food was fabulous. (Though the coffee was a bit disappointing, as we live in Seattle and know much better coffee is to be found nearby.) We also had dinner in the restaurant, ART, one night, which was also very good. The view isn't quite as good at the restaurant because its on the first floor, but it still had a great ambiance and our food exceeded our expectations for a hotel restaurant. The day after our wedding we had absolutely heavenly massages at the spa. The massage tables are the most comfortable I've ever been on. As a honeymoon treat, they offered us complimentary chocolate covered strawberries in the relaxation room after our treatment, which added to our wonderful experience. After our massages we went out to the pool deck for a cocktail and a light lunch. The pool area is very nice, though it was overcrowded with families given that it was a nice Sunday afternoon. We got the only two loungers available, though I should note an employee helped us find them and set them up for us. All in all it was very relaxing to lounge by the pool, even with all of the kids splashing around in the pool. We were very happy we chose the Four Seasons for our wedding weekend stay - our pre-honeymoon. The staff is fabulous, the beds are heavenly, and I honestly had absolutely no complaints.
67. First and foremost, it is important to recognize that this hotel, we learned, is a recent rebirth of the former Four Seasons Hotel which is now the Fairmont. A newly constructed building, the new Four Seasons in Seattle is a wonderful hotel in almost all respects. Location, design, staff, service, and ambiance are all Four Season level of quality. The restaurant ART and room service are impeccable and the rooms are first rate. In particular, the rooms are clean and roomy and the bedding is very comfortable, as one would expect from a hotel in the Four Seasons stable. One small criticism, probably not relevant to all guests, is the significant traffic noise that accompanies rooms that are not "bay view." Finally, a word of caution to those who wish to avail themselves of cab service in the Seattle downtown area: we used cab service ten times during our almost week-long stay and found the drivers to be universally arrogant, angry, unappreciative of their clients, unethical, and just generally very unpleasant, among the most unpleasant, rude and incompetent cabbies we have ever experienced. We have been all over the free world over the last 40 years and were astonished at the lack of interest these 10 drivers exhibited in providing even a modicum of decent service. When we discussed this with the hotel staff, they reported that cab service in Seattle was among the most complained about subjects they hear about on a daily basis. Very sad indeed! It marred an otherwise very fine stay in Seattle.
68. Great location in downtown. The staff is over the top helpful with any requests or questions. The room was spotless, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The Puget Sound views were breathtaking. The room service was always on time and ready with the morning newspaper and a big warm smile. The hotel made a few dinner reservations for us and we always got an excellent table with great wait staff. Even the front door staff is terrific; always willing to gladly open any doors for you and to get or arrange for transportation. Stay away from the hotel bar area during sunset, it gets very warm and bright and the bar maids can become a little less helpful when asked to lower the shades.
69. My wife and I stayed two nights at the Four Seasons on our way to a two week vacation in Hawaii. We wanted to break up the long trip from Detroit to Honolulu by laying over in Seattle. The Four Seasons is in a great location downtown, near the waterfront. Every aspect of our stay was superb and it was a great start to an awesome vacation!
70. This was my first opportunity to stay at a Four Seasons property and they definitely exceeded my expectation in every way possible. From the check-in, to bed turn down, to the food and drink in the bar and restaurant, I could not have asked for more. The Four Seasons over delivered in service each and every time I needed something, and even when I wasn't expecting it (like placing slippers next to the bed after turn down service). I will definitely be staying at this location in the future. Thank you!
71. What a great hotel, almost made us want to move to Seattle, even put up with the long rainy season. Word of caution: the pictures posted by other people don't do the hotel justice. We almost didn't stay there because of the photos. Don't worry, the rooms are much better than they photograph. We love the 4 Seasons and we try to stay at these hotels as much as possible. This was such a pleasant stay. The Hotel is very warm despite the Modern decor. Location could not be any better. You are 1 block from Pike Market and easy to walk to many places. The Linens (if you are into high thread count and quality) were the best of any hotel we've stayed at. The windows are not as sound proof as they should be, but the noise didn't keep us up at night. Apparently Seattle is pretty tame at night. The pool setting is Magical, especially if you have kids. it isn't very big but will do. Also the pool is located in an inner courtyard (sort of) so it is protected from the wind.
72. LOCATION- Took the Light Rail from the airport. $2.50 per person and 40 minutes to University station. Just a block from the hotel. Walked to the Pike Market every morning. LIght stroll to the pacific center- 10 minute walk. Aquarium is only 10 minute walk. The ferry to cross to Bainbridge is 20 minute walk. Everything was within 3 mile radius so that you have an option of using the complimentary house car. HOTEL - Probably the smallest Four Seasons in the US. Lobby is modern and clean but generally small. Pool and jacuzzi area also small, but beatiful view. SERVICE - As usual, FS quality. Haley at the concierge was very helpful. ART RESTAURANT- The doughnut desert was not as good as other people's review. Portions were small but still satisfying. KIDS 5 and under eat free.
73. A beautiful hotel with wonderful staff and many personalized and added touches to our stay! Our family of 4 was treated like royalty. Both of our daughters felt special and recognized. The personalized touches to our room for our daughters 13th birthday were special and most importantly you didn't leave our the 10 year old she felt equally as wonderful. The beds were fabulous our youngest even pulled up the sheets to figure out what kind of bed she slept on. The rain shower, tv in the mirror, and huge spa tub were enjoyed by all. Most importantly the customer service was fabulous!
74. We considered staying at a variety of hotels and almost stayed at Hotel 1000 - we're SO glad we chose the Four Seasons!!! The hotel is the ultimate in luxury and service and the location is unbeatable! We were staying there with a little baby and they made sure we were as comfortable as possible. They upgraded us to a suite to give us more room with the baby, provided a crib with blanket and toys and had all bath amenities/wipes/diaper pail for us. The rooms were understated but luxurious and comfortable and our views were fantastic of the bay. They have a great fitness center and pool and even provide diapers for little ones going in the pool. Every detail is covered.....we ate at ART for breakfast and dinner and the food was very good. It is a bit of a business scene for breakfast but nice nonetheless. The concierge was incredibly helpful and assisted in almost every aspect of our stay. We would highly recommend this Four Seasons and look forward to staying there again!
75. Was here with family in two rooms overlooking Puget Sound - beautiful view (dont look down though as in front of the hotel is a grungy old building, but whatever...deal with it). The service was excellent - the concierge was great - getting us great tickets for a Mariners game, although that is not the hottest ticket in baseball). The concierge also hunted down a pair of swim goggles way after the pool staff had left. Went well beyond the call of duty and made one child very happy. The restaurant was fantastic for lunch - our kids had a great meal too and they did something so special for them (I wont mention, since I am not sure they want to repeat it over and over...) but the restaurant manager was a perfect gentleman, the waitress was so nice. Room service was always perfect too - no reason to leave for dinner (although it is very expensive and I am not a fan of built in service charges - let me be decide that). The salmon with Indian spices was excellent - the chowder is a meal itself. So overall - cost was high, but if that is not the issue and you want a perfect hotel located right in the action, then there is no reason to look for another hotel in Seattle.
76. The Four Seasons Seattle is very well located, across from the Art Museum, a block from the Pike Market, and near most downtown locations of interest. The staff was extremely attentive, kind, and respectful. Views from the room are breathtaking. The hotel is modern and unlike most Four Season properties, but the rooms were quiet and peaceful. The hotel was a great choice for the end of our weeklong trip to the Pacific Northwest.
77. I've never stayed at a Four Seasons so I was a newbie but I have never experienced that level of service anywhere! I love the location, the view, the bed, the bathroom. And the pool was great. My friend brought her three kids and we invaded the area with floaties and water wings and no one cared. They just brought us lots of water and towels and made us feel at home. I've stayed at the Fairmont also and while that was also a great place to stay, I just liked the feel of the FS a little more because of the modernity of the decor. I've made the decision that from now on, when I visit Seattle, the FS is the only place for me, expense be damned!
78. I've statyed at the Four Seasons twice and would have rated it as excellent but on my second stay, when I visited with my wife, I booked a higher priced room which, oddly, wasn't as good as the lower category I'd had the time before. It was bigger but not really in a useful way - for example the bathtub in the smaller room was positioned so you could watch the very cool 'in mirror' TV whilst you couldn't do this in the larger room. Also the first room was nice and quiet at the end of a corridor with great views whilst the larger room was near the elevator, and had an adjoining room where the TV was clearly audible from our room - and the view wasn't as good as it had the other two sides of the hotel sticking out and getting in the way (it's sort of a 'C' shape'). Given those factors I didn't feel it was particularly great value. On the plus side the rooms are nicely furnished, the pool (and gym) have great views, food was excellent in the restaurant and service up to normal Four Seasons standards. Hotel is also well located next to Pike Place market (and near the very first Starbucks if you need a touristy fix!). Would stay again but will be more careful on room choice.
79. The location of this hotel is great if you want to visit the waterfront and Pikes Market. The Market is just a block away, and we walked to lots of good restaurants from this location even though we had a car as well. Hotel also has car service for the guests which we used one evening and was terrific. We visited the lounge one evening and ended up in the middle of their happy hour which also features a wonderful cheese side bar with lots of great tasty fruits, nuts and breads which ended up being dinner one night.
80. This is our third visit to 4S Seattle. We're spoiled, and you will probably see me replicating this review for any 4S property. 4S Seattle is particularly nice for an urban hotel because it is not a large property. The modern rooms are finely decorated and are exceptionally comfortable. Nice gym, but pool is a tad small for my taste [about 50 ft], since I like to swim laps. Lovely water view, even with Seattle Steam across the way, which actually adds to the appeal of the vista [think Pompidou Museum for real].
81. Compared with other Four Seasons properties this hotel is disappointing. It has a beautiful and relaxing lobby, and very nice rooms, but other than that I was disappointed. It's in a noisy part of downtown Seattle; while you have a view of the water, the view is over some industrial buildings and an always-busy and very noisy expressway (the Alaska Way Viaduct). It is convenient to Pike Place Market, but I have hard a time imaging that the clientele that can afford this hotel is going to make more than 1 trip to the market. The really annoying thing about this hotel -- and the primary reason for my poor review -- is their terrible policy toward charging for wireless Internet service. Upon signing in and paying for an $11-day-per-day rate (crazy in and of itself), they prompt you to pay an additional $4 for "premium" service. If you don't pay the $4 upgrade, you get mediocre service -- not fast enough to watch simple Flash animation, for example. So Internet service equivalent to what you get in a Holiday Inn Express for *free* will cost you $15 a day. I've read in the paper that the owners of this hotel are in deep financial trouble and have refused to pay the company that built the hotel. I can only assume that they're trying to make up the difference by charging $15 for Internet service. One more thing - Fran's Chocalates (in the lobby) are great.
82. I am a loyal Four Seasons customer and was very excited to have the chain come back to Seattle after many years of absence. Unfortunately, my first stay negated my excitement. The hotel is new and the rooms are reasonably nice and brand new, but not really up to Four Seasons standards. The furniture is light maple and the carpets are very bright. The entire place felt like it was built by high end Ikea. It doesn't look or feel luxurious. The other big problem is the location and the view. I paid extra for a waterview room, but it was dominated by a view of two big smokestacks and a construction site. Seattle has amazing water views but this hotel isn't situated in a spot that has them. In fact, it is still in a transitional neighborhood with a handful of peep shows and X rates theaters only a block away. The worst part of my stay, however, was my inability to take a normal shower. The water pressure in the shower was the lowest I've experienced in North America. I couldn't wash my hair and could barely get the soap off my body. Upon checkout I emailed the manager and he told me that the "water pressure in my room was consistent with the hotel standard." I don't know what that means but it is not connsistent with any other place and certainly not a Four Seasons. Seattle has great luxury hotel choices in Hotel 1000 and the new Pan Pacific. There is no reason at all to put up with the shortcomings of this Four Seasons.
83. My husband had a meeting in Seattle so we decided to make it a quick family get-away. This trip was for business and for pleasure combined. A friend from Seattle actually recommended the Four Seasons. The chain has been running some great deals lately; Stay longer package deals (stay 2 nights, get one in Houston/Seattle and several other cities), and we have been taking advantage! We stayed for 3 nights over a holiday weekend. So lucky to have PERFECT weather in Seattle and to take in all the great things the city has to offer. Walked and walked. Cant' think of a hotel with a better location to Pike's, etc! Very easy to get anywhere from the Four Seasons. For my taste, the decor was very comfortable, very lovely and soothing. Bathrooms were wonderfully big! They really treat families well, here - at all FS. Delivering pop corn and sodas and fresh made cookies upon check-in. Superb FS service: Late room service (although it did take a LONG time and one of my daughters feel asleep waiting for dinner to arrive) was very helpful to us. Housekeeping even located a lost earring for one of my daughters. The work out facility is really one of the better hotel fitness rooms I have used with the treadmills facing large windows with pool and water views. The pool deck was a nice surprise, got a little crowded on the warm, sunny days. Nice Spa and fire pit, also. The one downside I can think of is the staff could not seem to supply consistent information on whether food could be served pool side- it never was while we were there. The in house restaurant was OK - Four Seasons pricey, very pretty. Oh, and we got an 8am wake-up call one morning we did not request. Thank goodness it wasn't 5am! Staff was apologetic. All in all, the pluses far out weighed the minimal minuses in my opinion and I would not hesitate to stay at the FS if I return to Seattle.
84. This is our third stay at the Four Seasons Seattle. We used to stay at the Fairmount, but it has become a bit tired, so we now prefer the FS. The one negative about the FS if you have kids is there is no indoor pool, which the Fairmount has. I like the modern, no fuss decor of the FS and the rooms are spacious with comfy reading chairs and lights. The lighting is good, which is important in the gray Seattle weather. This time I tried the spa and had a very good massage. My one disappointment with the FS is the restaurant. Breakfast is good, but lunch and dinner can be iffy. The food can be overly precious with too much emphasis on presentation and not enough on taste. If you have a child, however, you must order the "space needle sundae". The chef may be a dud, but the pastry chef is a genius! !
85. We were warmly greeted at check-in and that warmth was maintained throughout our three night stay. Upon check-in we we received a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe bay view room and thoroughly enjoyed watching the ferries and cruise ships come and go and getting a glimpse of the Olympic Mountains beyond Elliot Bay. In addition, we were treated to a bottle of sparkling wine and chocolate covered strawberries as an anniversary was being celebrated during our stay. We ate our breakfast at ART and everthing was delicious, especially the lemon ricotta pancakes. The location was convenient to everything. We walked through Pike Place Market and to Safeco Field for a Mariner's game. We aren't big shoppers but the shopping core was within a few blocks. If we ever need to stay in a hotel in Seattle again,we would definitely stay at the Four Seasons.
86. Outstanding service, incredible amenities, and great views. Anytime you can stay at a Four Seasons, definitely do. The one in downtown Seattle is close to attractions, shopping, and outstanding restaurants. An experience that I will always hold as the baseline for hotels I stay at in the future.
87. Only few tips : prefer seaview high floor ( noise from first road in the opposite side ) ; visit the swimming pool in the happy hour time ; walk up and down in the city to appreciate the location of this hotel . The rate is expansive ( try special offers ) but it is a very Four Seasons with comfort and perfect service .
88. We have stayed a the Seattle Four Seasons on several occasions. Whether we are there for an evening at the Symphony, dinner in town, or to catch an early flight at SeaTac, the Four Seasons has always been a wonderful place to stay. The staff is oustanding and the valet/email/checkin process is excellent.
89. We don't take many vacations but when we do we plan every detail. The internet pictures of the Four Seasons looked spectacular and won out over the Fairmont Olympic. We booked a two bedroom suite and couldn't wait to get to the room. What a disappointment!! Our $2100 per night view consisted of three smoke stacks billowing smoke and steam, a large storage building and an elevated nasty looking highway. Not the beautiful vision created on their homepage. The Hotel itself is ok and the service was excellent but overall not worth the expense. When I returned home I called the Four Seasons home office in Vancouver to express my dissatisfaction. No one really listened to me and the pictures on the home page are still there! I won't be coming back!! In my world it's called false representation.
90. I am from the Seattle area, and stayed here overnight for a weekend in town to see a concert. As soon as we pulled in, we were promptly greeted and offered help with our bags, we politely declined as we only had overnight bags. Check in was fast and efficient. Before you knew it we were in our room. The room design was modern and clean. The bathroom was stunning with a very deep soaker tub and awesome shower with an overhead rain shower. One of my key criteria on rating a room is the shower and the water pressure. This one was top notch! The tv in the mirror was a nice touch which would be expected in a 5 star property. My other main criteria is the bed. This bed was uber comfy. i slept like a baby! After coming in pretty late from a concert it was nice to see the room turned down for bed, with the ice bucket filled and bottles of water on both nightstands. What a nice touch. We used the lounge prior to the concert. The cocktails are delicious if a tad pricey. But for being in a 5 star hotel I was not surprised at the prices. We also had breakfast in the hotel restaurant. The quality of food was amazing. I believe much of the produce is sourced from the nearby pike place market a major tourist draw. I would definitely recommend this place to out of town visitors and family, and would not hesitate to spend another weekend here for another special event like a concert.
91. I am a very loyal customer to the Four Seasons Brand. I have stayed at my of the hotels all over the world and most recently the Four Seasons San Francisco and New York. Needless to say I am in love with the service and amenities that the brand offers. On a recent stay at the Four Seasons Seattle I was very disappointed. Firstly, the facilities were not of the Four Seasons Standard. The hotel seemed very dated although new. The service was not close to par with any other hotel I have stayed in. A good example is the doorman was on his cell phone while holding the door open and did not make any eye contact with me or my traveling partner as we entered the hotel. The front desk people checking us in were aloof and seemed unwelcoming when we arrived and did not warm up during our entire stay. The public restrooms next to the lobby was unclean and did not have toilet seat covers and when it was brought to the attention of the front desk, they look at us with the look as to say "so". Overall, I felt that I was staying at a nice Holiday Inn or a Sheraton or Hilton. The overall impression I got when leaving was that the hotel was going to benefit from the Four Seasons name alone and not do anything to uphold or enhance the standard. If I were at the hotels headquarters, I would reevaluate the general manager as the hotel can only be as good as the management deems. This is a failure for sure.
92. This relatively new hotel is in a perfect location, about 2 blocks from Pike's Place market and the heart of touristy Seattle. Great water views, typically solid Four Seasons service with their outstanding beds make this a great downtown hotel with a FS twist. I did find some minor housekeeping shortcomings (ironing board wasn't put away after I used it, small bars of soap, clothes I left out weren't folded as they'd typically do in other FS properties) but this is still a stellar city hotel. I also had one of the best massages in my life while enjoying a little down-time here.
93. We stayed here after a cruise and loved it. Everyone there was helpful and friendly. The hotel is newer so everything is still fresh and clean. I have a two year old and let them know when I made the reservations, if you have little ones this will be helpful for you. They set up a bed with side rails, a mini robe, and little slippers as well as a toy (which was a gift for her to keep). They also put toiletries in the bathroom for babies. The view from our room was phenomenal, the market one block away. Would definitely stay here again.
94. As I walked past the desk moment's after arrival I looked over at the reception and there stood three agent's all with their head's down. It looked as if they might be doing their taxes? None looked up at me as I walked by. This hotel cost me $500 per night, your supposed to be ATTENTIVE!
95. My Mother In-law purchased a room at the Four Seasons in Seattle for our Anniversary this last March. We loved the room and the location was great for walking around Pike Place Market and many restaraunts close by as well. The room was fabulous and there was even a TV IN the bathroom mirror!!! The tub was huge, easily big enough for two! They must have known it was our anniversary because within 20 minutes of checking in a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries were delivered to the room! Very unexpected and wonderful!
96. Was lucky enough to stay here for nearly two weeks and it is just the perfect place to stay. I fully agree with other reviewers - from front to back the service is top notch, no exception. Front desk, concierge, bar staff, doormen, room service, housekeeping - all worth mentioning as they were all exceptional. They really couldn't do enough! The practicalities are superb too - lovely spacious rooms, impeccably well designed and very quiet. Great bar and restaurant, well equipped gym, luxuriously decorated throughout, and the hotel is in a super location by the waterfront right smack in the centre of town. There really is no reason to stay anywhere else. Thanks to all at the hotel for a wonderful stay.
97. I'm very lucky to be pretty well travelled and particularly experienced at American hotels! I'm a Westin devotee but hotels.com had a great deal on the Four Seasons, so we booked the first 3 nights of our honeymoon to stay there. It is quite simply one of the nices hotel rooms I've ever stayed in! The bathroom was amazing - so well designed, massive sunken bath, walk in shower, seperate toilet with it's own glass door, and a tv in the mirror! Bed was just as comfy as the wonderful westin Heavenly beds too. Loved it. Really well located for sight seeing in Seattle, and amazing fire feature in the lobby. Really welcoming too. Didn't try the food so can't comment on that but i'm sure it was great! If you're looking for a good restaurant in Seattle, try Etta's Seafood. Best food we found in town by far.
98. I have been going to Seattle every summer for the past 15 years. No until this trip did I feel like I was staying in a place that could hold its own against the very chic hotels of NYC and LA. The hotel is very comfortable. Unlike other Four Seasons this one has a boutique feel to it. The lounge is great. There are great views of the sound with a few smoke stacks mixed in to give it a very city/industrial feel. I thought it was a very nice mix. The chairs were comfortable and the nightly happy hour with $5 food and drink specials was perfect and large. The room was nice and big. I was in a partial Bay view room which also looked down on the pool. The ferrys came in and out of port right next to the hotel so that was a nice addition to the view. The pool was the real treat. Unlike the old Four Seasons (the Olympic) This one is outdoors and gorgeous. There was a nice mix of both younger (20s and 30s) people as well as a few older couples, and the occasional child. The pool is full service with a bar on the weekends (you can have drinks all week but it takes a little longer). The view from the pool deck is perfect with almost no sign of the industrial waterfront below the hotel. All around I was expecting to hang out with friends and run around the city daily. Instead I hung out by the pool daily and enjoyed cocktails and snacks. I cant wait to go back.
99. I took my parents here overnight in order to celebrate my Dad's 70th. What a wonderful hotel. Everything went without a hitch, including the champagne that I had pre^ordered. We had adjoining rooms and they were huge with luxurious bathrooms. We visited the lounge downstairs and our server was generous with our wine re-fills( I cannot stand being ripped off with just a sip). The only negative thing that I can say is that the water pressure is week and it doesn't heat up hot enough. My bar bill was reasonable as well. Keep up the great work Four Seasons!!! !
100. Stayed 3 nights in early September in a harbour facing room. Fulfilled the usual high Four Seasons standard. Location is great - within walking distance of many things and easy reach of the main public transport. Best point: the pool and sunbathing area were an unexpected delight. The area is in shade until about lunchtime but then catches the sun for the rest of the day. There is drinks and food service. It's fantastic to have this facility in a city centre. Disappointing: the bar is functional but not an an interesting or welcoming space. Four Seasons can do good bars - like the one in New York - and this one needs some excitement.
