No title
----------
Snippet:
In the United States and Canada, nearly one-fifth of homeless youth are victims of human trafficking.   
----------
Comments:
It’s quite sad that women have to go through such horrific events as a result of homelessness.
Women rights being what it is, I really wish the government would help as well
If Parents did care and weren' totally feckless, they would complain; I would bet they still claim the kids as a deduction, while not spending one red cent.
Many kids are uncontrollable at some point, and just not worth the effort; remember they always know more than Adults.
..and so has it been thru out the ages.
Maybe you could subsidize jobs with a carrier path for youth, but kids often choose to be free and carefree in this manner rather than just launch.
Homelessness is a national embarrassment, but is so everywhere.
Nations seem to have a lot less use for people than they want to pay decent wages.
Huh?
Don't get it.
Perhaps the money saved by not prosecuting marijuana users could instead be devoted to real police services to young people forced into sex work.
Only the stupid, greedy and lazy justice system refuses to do this.
You need to pay a 'youth benefit' to the homeless youth and get them into the system so the government knows what's happening.
Then the welfare agency can refer them to a social worker so they can find them accommodation and a job.
There's always someone in society looking to exploit some vulnerable person who is alone.
Do a web search: youth benefit
If you see and hear the work of Bryan Stevenson from "Just Mercy" and beyond, he advocates our becoming more open to the ways in which we ourselves are in some way broken.
Only then will we see with equal compassion the brokenness of others.
As such we wouldn't see them as "the others" who deserve either indifference or shame.
Also criminalizing people for being homeless and despairing is a terrible alternative--it pushes young people further away from getting the respect, understanding and treatment they deserve.
Heartbreaking and no longer shocking.
That is more heartbreaking.
----------
Golden review:
One commenter believes homelessness has been a major cause of trafficking and sees it as a national 
embarrassment. The commenter says Bryan Stevenson advocates people to be more open to the ways in which 
people are broken as this will make people see the brokenness of others. Another commenter says more 
money could be used in police services for young people forced into sex work. The commenter feels sad 
for women going through such terrible events due to homelessness and wishes the government would help.
----------
GPT-3:

The commenters thought that the article was sad and that the government should do more to help homeless 
youth, especially victims of human trafficking. They also thought that it was unfair to criminalize 
people for being homeless and that more should be done to help them.