Product ID: -P5dJdIFkT2cUmJZZFmahw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the product was good and that the staff was knowledgeable and friendly. They also thought that the prices were reasonable.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product was praised for its staff, quality of work, reasonable prices, and great customer service.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Sport bike Performance Center is the only place I take my bike when it needs repairs or service .
Good prices and trustworthy .
These guys do amazing work at reasonable prices .
Always Have a Great experience here .
One of the best shops to go to for sportbikes .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers seem very happy with Sportbike Performance Center. They appreciate the honest and trustworthy service, the reasonable prices, and the great attention to detail. They also feel that the staff are very knowledgeable and friendly.

****** Reviews ******
1. Good bunch of guys with a wealth of information and honest service . Only guys I trust with my pride and joy . Other places want to make a fast buck not the case here .
2. Go there to get my bikes looked at , and inspected . Get my chain adjusted and lubed for free . Ted is great ! One of the best shops to go to for sportbikes . Got my tired changed and mounted in less than 45 mins . Great service .
3. Austin is a great guy . Great attention to detail . This place has consistently over delivered every time I 've had repairs done .
4. I 've been taking my bikes here for years . I would never take my bike to Ridenow or anything like that I want to know who 's working on my bike and with the knowledge and friendly people at the shop I will never take my bike anywhere else . I will be a lifetime customer
5. Took my R1 in with a coolant leak . The team fixed the issue and did not try and screw me . First time trying the shop and will be my go to shop for the future . Thanks again !
6. Sport bike Performance Center is the only place I take my bike when it needs repairs or service . These guys do amazing work at reasonable prices . Ask them about all the other motorsport things they do for fun !
7. Ted and his staff have always done very good work anytime I have needed service . Very reliable group and a great job all the time . Good prices and trustworthy .
8. Always Have a Great experience here . The guys go above and beyond with thier saftey check . Gives me real peace of mind knowing my bike has been checked for common problem areas .
9. I am a first time customer . Wow I will be a customer for life . I brought in my hurt zx14 in pieces . The master mechanics didn 't even blink an eye . They assessed the situation provided a fair estimate . I agreed . They performed their magic and in no time at all I was back on the road . Thank you sportbike .