Product ID: 2yCau2HWo3Ta4L0RYBJSQg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviewers all seemed very happy with the service they received from Gerber Collision. They were able to fix various issues with people's cars quickly and efficiently. Everyone who wrote a review mentioned Moe, the estimator, and how helpful and friendly he was. Overall, everyone would highly recommend Gerber Collision to anyone who needs car repairs.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews said that the product was amazing and fast. They were able to fix it within minutes the following day. Moe was extremely helpful along with Daniel. The customer service was extraordinary and the repair was seamless.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
USAA recommended this shop and they did an amazing job repairing my rear bumper after I was in an accident .
Totally impressed with the customer service I received from Mo and the rest of the team !
Very friendly service from Moe who is the estimator .
Gerber and their team did a great job throughout the process with our Honda CRV .
This Gerber was amazing and fast .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews said that the product was great and that the customer service was amazing. They also said that the product was fast and that they would recommend it to others.

****** Reviews ******
1. My tailgate had some problems opening and closing due to someone backing into my truck . I couldn 't find anyone in town to fix it , except Dan at Gerber Collision ! He did such a good job that I brought my truck back to him for numerous other body shop repairs !
2. I got into an accident while visiting family from LA and only had 3 days left and they got my car in and back to me in 2 days . Very friendly service from Moe who is the estimator .
3. Totally impressed with the customer service I received from Mo and the rest of the team ! Absolutely recommend them !
4. Gerber Collision fixed my fender today for a much better price than the Toyota dealership quoted me ! I 'm glad I went with Gerber because the time I spent there was 1 / 10th of what I would 've spent at Toyota . Thanks , Dan and the rest of the staff !
5. USAA recommended this shop and they did an amazing job repairing my rear bumper after I was in an accident . Thank you Moe and the rest of the team for the best experience I could 've asked for . If you need any repairs , I highly recommend this shop !
6. Gerber and their team did a great job throughout the process with our Honda CRV . Moe A was very accommodating from start to finish , arranging a rental car and estimate on a Saturday morning . He checked in twice a week with an update and the best part ... we got our vehicle back a week earlier than expected , thanks Moe and Gerber !
7. These guys did a great job with helping me get my truck back up and running in a timely manner . I was always aware of the progress through text and even got phone calls from moe anytime he needed to fill me in further . Moe and his staff did a great job and went above and beyond for me and my Colorado ! ! !
8. These guys were so friendly and helpful . They even fixed an unrelated issue , free of charge . Mo went out of the way to make sure we were happy . Great service !
9. This Gerber was amazing and fast . Called about my tail light being broken and they were able to fix it within minutes the following day . Moe was extremely helpful along with Daniel . The customer service was extraordinary and the repair was seamless . Would highly recommend this Gerber Collision & Glass on 2100 W. University Dr.