Product ID: 7ef7jYhmfbxSI7s57HoJAg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers seem to be happy with the product, finding it helpful and relaxing. There are some complaints about billing and customer service issues, but these seem to be isolated incidents. The majority of reviewers would recommend the product to others.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews for this product were positive, with customers praising the effectiveness of the anti-aging facial and chemical peel, as well as the quality of the massage. There were a few negative reviews, mostly concerning the emphasis on purchasing a membership, but overall reviewers seemed to be happy with their experience.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Great service at the front desk and amazing massage from Benji .
Loved my anti aging facial with a chemical peel that greatly improved my skin with an amazing aesthetician .
Greta is amazing for facials : Great results , relaxing session and it 's clear Greta truly cares for her clients .
My boyfriend & I came in today for a couples massage and we must say this has been the best experience we 've had since we started getting massages 2 years ago .
I have been looking for an expert massage therapist that knows what they are doing .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, the reviewers seemed to be happy with the product. They praised the service, the cleanliness of the facility, and the skills of the staff. There were a few complaints about the length of the massage, but otherwise the reviewers seemed to be satisfied.

****** Reviews ******
1. Loved my anti aging facial with a chemical peel that greatly improved my skin with an amazing aesthetician . Too bad I was her last client ever at this location or I would return despite the ridiculous emphasis on purchasing a membership .
2. Great service at the front desk and amazing massage from Benji . I get a lot of massages and do not live in the area . I was apprehensive to go in blind although I was very impressed . Great for deep tissue and great all around guy .
3. My boyfriend & I came in today for a couples massage and we must say this has been the best experience we 've had since we started getting massages 2 years ago . My therapist was Jenny or Jenna I didn 't quite catch that but it was amazing ! ! We left with smiles on our faces & rejuvenated bodies ! ! Thanks Ladies .
4. I have been looking for an expert massage therapist that knows what they are doing . Thankfully , I have . Ana is very skilled and educated . I highly recommend her .
5. The customer service is wonderful ! I wish the 60 minutes was the full time not the " 55 hands on " so I usually upgrade to the 1 1 / 2 hour .
6. Great massage envy location . I had an excellent massage there with Ashley I believe was her name . The place is also very clean and the front desk is amply staffed to accommodate guests . Glad I was able to stop in on my visit to Tempe .
7. Greta is amazing for facials : Great results , relaxing session and it 's clear Greta truly cares for her clients . Because of Greta 's exceptional work , I 've referred people to this location .
8. Had the best deep tissue but an American massage place in a very very long time . I had a male masseuse and I like a lot of pressure and he did the job ! The front Staff was very friendly also . Will be back for sure to this location !
9. this place does not take walk-ins so if you don 't have an appointment do not waste your time here
10. Awesome massage and facial by LoriAnn ! I loved that she was able to do both services and I didn 't have to switch to another technician . The spa itself is very serene and inviting . The employees seem happy to work there and are very helpful . The massage was great and relieved a lot of tension in my back and the facial was outstanding !
11. Just recieved a massage with Matt . One of the best massages Ive ever had . Amazing techniques , great flow . Overall perfect .
12. Showed up for a massage that I booked . I am currently 30 week pregnant and have been coming to get massages since 12 weeks . I have filled out numerous pregnancy waivers and received massages . Today they refused to see me because they have no prenatal certified therapists .. come to find out my last therapist wasn 't even prenatal certified . Extremely disappointed in this location .
13. I absolutely love this place . I found the best therapist : Collin . He uses just the perfect amount of pressure every time and just has experience overall . I can confidently say that finding one good therapist can have you become a lifetime member . Thank you ME !
14. Am giving this location a 5 because my regular therapist is awesome . Chris is the absolute best for deep tissue . Not many therapists understand or can really offer deep tissue for those of us who like that kind of torture . The massage is so theraputic I 've been coming monthly for two hour sessions for the last year and a half .
15. I booked an appointment after receiving a gifted massage from my sister . Amber did a great job with my massage- I felt so relaxed and she accommodated the pressure to what I needed and wanted . I did end up signing up for a year membership so I am excited to start getting massages more often !
16. I had Daniell for my massage . She was very good . She focused on all of my needs . I might return if there are any specials that catch my eye .
17. Amber was great for deep tissue massage , and if you can stand the corporate sales pitch , this is not a bad place to go for a legitimate massage . I 'm not sure of the value of a member ship , but maybe ....
18. This location is close to my house they are always able to get me in right away . The staff is friendly & my massage therapist has always been able to answer my questions . I always feel really relaxed after I am done .
19. The main reason this place gets a 5 is because Shellie ( Shelly ) gave me a great deep tissue massage.The first time I went to massage envy they placed me with a therapist who was way too soft and he didn 't do so great . So if you go here ask for Shelly ! : )
20. Freddy is the BEST massage therapist ! He worked out a knot I had in the middle of my shoulder blade and the rest I didn 't notice until they were all gone ! ! ! They have me as a member now ! ! ; )
21. I initially went there for massages . On a whim I decided to try a facial out with their aesthetician Nora and that was a fantastic experience ! I never knew thought that something so simple would make people notice a change . Girls compliment me all the time on my skin now . I highly recommend Nora . She was very professional and really knows her stuff .
22. Great location and everyone is super friendly . Jenilynn is an amazing masseuse so ask for her . I always look forward to seeing her each month and my neck and back feel like heaven when she is done .
23. Colleen is by far the best massage therapist I have ever encountered in Arizona . She knows all about muscle therapy and toxin removal . I came in with some minor muscle pain and she was able to rehabilitate me and get me back to my career as a hairstylist in Scottsdale . Thank you Colleen ...
24. I 've been getting monthly massages at this location since December 2010 . I really love this Massage Envy , mostly because my masseuse , Jeni ( or Jeni-Lynne ) is amazing ! I always leave feeling so relaxed and my back and neck feel like heaven . Highly recommend her . The rest of the staff is incredibly friendly and nice .
25. Decent location . I 've been seeing Jenna here for over a year and she 's an awesome masseuse ! Very professional and always makes sure to target my problem areas .
26. Went to get a massage today and was treated really well , Lupita and the front desk staff were on point I will definitely be back .
27. This front desk was way too small for the volume of people that were coming in and out on a Thursday afternoon . I couldn 't imagine it on a weekend or evening . The facility was clean and very relaxing once you got into the waiting area .
28. Britt and the front desk treated me very well best massage I 've had in a month will definitely be back for Britt again as long as she 's there
29. I 've recently elected to try the facials at this location . I had two that were just so-so . As luck would have it ... third times a charm . Andrea is really amazing . I always come out glowing and quite relaxed . Request Andrea-she 's the best .
30. Ive been a member of Massage Envy for almost 9 years . Good massage therapist come and go and I haven 't had a great sports massage therapist until today . Very happy with my service today and with the free foot scrub .
31. I always feel amazing after my massage with Maribel . I never leave disappointed . I 've tried other therapists and I don 't get the same results .
32. I go to Gretta for facials and love the job she does . Afterwards my skin glows and Gretta is a delight to spend the hour with . I would recommend a facial with Gretta anytime . You will not be disappointed .
33. Great service , super nice staff . Ron is the best if you want to really get your muscles feeling good . I hobbled in with major hip pain and walked out feeling amazing .
34. This was my very first massage and I loved it ! Clean place and friendly staff . I definitely want to become a member after I pay off my student loans .
35. My therapist Ethan , was fantastic ! It was my first massage so he took his time to make me feel comfortable and relaxed . I will definitely be coming back .
36. My billing issue has been fixed . I 've had minor issues with gift cards being applied , but they resolved them once I pressed.I 've been a regular for awhile now and they recognize me by name . Only drawback now is I wish they offered specials and that my regular masseuse had more hours !