Product ID: a8sW8A49tyY0bzvN0b6bgw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people saying the food was good and others saying it was expensive and unremarkable. Some people also said the service was good, while others said it was terrible. Overall, it seems that people either love or hate Earl's, with there being no middle ground.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people enjoying the food and others finding it expensive and unremarkable. Some people also found the service to be poor. However, overall the reviews were generally positive, with people finding the food to be decent and the atmosphere to be good.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
A little pricey for pub food .
The bar area is hoping in the evenings.Aside from that , the service is usually prompt and efficient .
Good food .
The food is whatever , but it is not a bad place to stop off for drinks ... they have some of the best bloody mary 's in the valley ...
Earl 's is like a booty call - always available for a good time but there 's not much beneath the surface.Go here for HH drinks , go elsewhere to eat .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews said that the food was good, but that it was a little pricey for pub food. They also said that the service was usually prompt and efficient. However, they also said that the lunch crowd is loud and noisy.

****** Reviews ******
1. Business CLOSED ! ! ! ! ! Shut down within the last two weeks , per the folks at Discount Tire next store .
2. The food is whatever , but it is not a bad place to stop off for drinks ... they have some of the best bloody mary 's in the valley ...
3. I only ate here once but it was expensive and unremarkable . Generic American food . I would rather grab a burger at In-and-Out .
4. Earl 's I have eaten at on several different occasions . The lunch crowd is loud and noisy . The bar area is hoping in the evenings.Aside from that , the service is usually prompt and efficient . They have floor managers who check up on you often.All around okay and the food is more than decent . No wifi is a bummer .
5. JULY 29 , 2011 = = noticed the restaurant 's sign is gone -- definitely should call before trying to arrange a gathering here !
6. Good food . A little pricey for pub food . Would definitely return , though . We split dry wings ( salt and pepper rubbed ) and the Bronx burger . Both were tasty
7. My husband and I went here after a movie out ( we had a babysitter for our two kids ) .... we were there around 9 and the kids who worked there seemed it was there right since it wasn 't busy to play .... it was terrible ... the help was ... our server sucked big time.food was o.k. -I will never go back , ever !
8. Earl 's is like a booty call - always available for a good time but there 's not much beneath the surface.Go here for HH drinks , go elsewhere to eat .
9. Went for lunch . Ate in the bar . Pretty good american fare with asian and southwest influence . I had the shrimp tacos which were fantastic . Full bar and OK draft beer selection . I particularly liked the double fried spareribs appetizer . Went great with a cold beer on a hot afternoon .