Product ID: cSSgeQQOz2modfT7zTHJHQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the food was good, but some found it to be average. The service was praised by many, and the atmosphere was said to be perfect by some. Some reviewers thought the portions were smaller than average, but others found the quality of the ingredients to make up for it. There were a few complaints about the wait time for food, but most reviewers thought the food was worth the wait.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The restaurant received mixed reviews, with some people loving the food and others finding it just okay. The service was good, and the atmosphere was bright and open. Some reviewers thought the portions were small, but others thought the quality of the ingredients made up for it. The price was reasonable. The dessert was praised by many as being one of the best they had ever had. Overall, the reviewers seemed to enjoy their experience at the restaurant.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Highly recommend Tyler was our server and was very attentive and dimitrii is the manager and also came by our table to check in on our experience .
Great for groups due to the communal seating .
The pizza Carne is really good , and pasta taste fresh too.Service is fast !
The communal tables are interesting and fun .
Food is beyond delicious .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, the reviews were positive, with reviewers praising the food, service, and atmosphere of the restaurant. Some reviewers found the portions to be small, but noted that the quality of the ingredients was high. A few reviewers thought that the food was just average, but most thought it was delicious.

****** Reviews ******
1. Beautiful space , excellent service but for me the food was just ok . I found many of the dishes to be lacking flavour and nothing is making me want to rush back . I think I may have had high expectations for this place but to me it was just average hence the 3 * review .
2. Overall great experience . Bright , open atmosphere . Great service . Some pastas can be made vegan / gluten free . Kale salad is fantastic . Smaller portions but fresh quality ingredients make up for it .
3. I went there two times for lunch.Yummy ! The pizza Carne is really good , and pasta taste fresh too.Service is fast !
4. Good food . Descent service . Great for groups due to the communal seating . Get the meatball dish . The chicken was good . Very heavy foods . Very good desert . Reasonably priced bottles of wine for under 50 . The brochettes were interesting . Had to eat but lots of flavour . The pizza was very good . Great toppings .
5. Food was very good . Antipasto was beautifully presented and very tasty . It took forever for our entrees to arrive , with no explanation or apologies . Server never asked if we wanted anything to drink .
6. Even though they do not allow substitutions , the food here is absolutely superb ... From the bolognese pizza to the kale & caesar salads and salmon . Sadly the wait staff did not follow though on the service end : (
7. The food and service were amazing ! I had the spaghetti pomodoro and me friend had the vegetarian lasagna - delicious ! The caramel dessert was sublime , probably one of the best desserts I 've ever had . Highly recommend Tyler was our server and was very attentive and dimitrii is the manager and also came by our table to check in on our experience .
8. First and foremost this place is stunning . The ambiance in the restaurant was perfect . The communal tables are interesting and fun . Food is beyond delicious . A + + on the bolognese pizza . Kindly greeted and periodically asked how dinner was without interrupting the table . # TwoEntrepreneursApproved
9. Amazing food and great staff . Dmitri , the manager , does a fantastic job of asking for feedback while building rapport with new customers . We tried the arabiatta pizza and the ravioli - both delicious . Try the home made soda 's as well ! Ya , I said try the sodas . Trust me !