Product ID: f-ek55hnayn246LR4c66mA

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The vast majority of reviewers seem to really enjoy the service and care they receive at The Joint. Many mention specific doctors, saying that they are great at what they do and have helped them a lot. The main complaints seem to be about the cost of services and the length of time that some people have to wait to be seen.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the product was good, but that it could be improved in some areas. In particular, reviewers noted that the product was not very long, and that the wait time could be long at times.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
I am so grateful for The Joint and that they are open 7 days a week !
Walk - in , open 7 days a week .
The guy has great hands , and is very intuitive to your specific need of adjustment .
I 've been with The Joint for some time , and not all are great , so I hope Dr. Tom stays .
And the pricing plan is cheaper and more hassle free than other chiropractors in the area .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of the product were positive, with people saying that it was convenient, affordable, and effective. Some people said that the doctors were great, and that they had helped them a lot. Others said that they loved the Joint and that it was a great place to get regular adjustments.

****** Reviews ******
1. This is my favorite Joint so far ! I hate that I don 't know the doctors name because he 's the best thing that ever happened to my back ! ! He adjusts me like Nobody 's business . Conveniently on my way home from work too ! Love . Love . Love .
2. Went today . Dr. Tom was there . The guy has great hands , and is very intuitive to your specific need of adjustment . I 've been with The Joint for some time , and not all are great , so I hope Dr. Tom stays . Thank you
3. I hate this place . I used to love it . Between the asshole docs and the prices going up .... its cheaper just to use insurance and easier try the zoc doc app way better then this garbage .
4. Walk-in , open 7 days a week . Good Chiropractors . Very affordable . Could not ask for more out of a Chiropractic office . Learn to use their App and you won 't have to wait . I am so grateful for The Joint and that they are open 7 days a week !
5. This is a great place to get regular adjustments . Dr Steve is really the best of the bunch but they are all good .
6. We 've been getting adjusted for almost 10 years all over the country . This facility is one of the best !
7. Love Dr. Steve ! I 've always been afraid of chiropractors but Steve is so gentle and has helped me so much . He 's been adjusting me through 2 pregnancies and now he does my whole family !
8. So much help , so little time . Grateful to the doctors for fixing my neck up and offering such healthful advice . It 's nice to skip all the fuss and get to the adjustment when that 's all you need . But again , they will take time to answer questions if you have them . My favorite Joint !
9. Dr Steve put me back together . I recommend him highly ! And the pricing plan is cheaper and more hassle free than other chiropractors in the area .
10. Dr. Steve is fantastic and really wants to help you feel better . He cares about the health and safety of your spine . I would highly recommend him to anyone . There are a lot of horror stories about chiropractors but Steve Gubernick is someone you can trust with your back .
11. I 've been here twice now and had to bring my 13 year old son in as well ... Such great customer service and they really do a top notch job ! We 've seen 3 different doctors and I would recommend them all !
12. Great services provided by friendly staff and well educated chiropractors . Facility does not deal with insurance however they are willing to accept FSA / HSA payments . My only complaint is that adjustments are done in 5 minutes or less . I just wish it was a little bit longer !
13. I 've always been a bit afraid of chiropractic care , preferring acupuncture to ease back and neck pain but this place is fab ! All three practitioners are kind , concerned and put me at ease . Definitely recommend !
14. Great way to keep my back moving and in shape . Dr Tom is the best as I drove all the way from downtown .
15. Love this place and even with my more than hectic schedule I rarely have to wait more than a couple minutes . The staff is great and very professional . I have a membership and it is affordable .
16. Great doctors . The wait is long at times and that 's the reason for 4 stars . It would be nice if you could call if you are a member and hold your space .
17. So I was a huge skeptic of Chiropractors working on me . I decided to give it a try to help relieve my pain and not I 'm so happy I did . I saw Dr. Ali and he was AMAZING ! Totally helped me and made me feel so much better ! Will be coming back for sure
18. LOVE The Joint at McDowell Mountain Ranch ! Dr. Tom is AMAZING ! ! He got me through my first pregnancy and he is now getting me through my second . I don 't know what I would do if I couldn 't see him once a week . All doctors and staff are very nice ! My whole family goes here and is happy !