Product ID: HNaKHkhP5Bf4IBvMiItmnw

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was great, with beautiful flowers that lasted a long time. They also thought the staff was friendly and accommodating.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was beautiful and the staff was friendly and accommodating. There were some mention of the product lasting a long time.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Kudos to the gals for delivering a stunning display of lavender long stem roses to my wife 's work for her birthday .
Every time I have ordered flowers from them , they are simply incredibly gorgeous and always right .
The flowers were beautiful and still look great a week later !
My husband selected a gorgous long stem red rose arrangement , for our 30th wedding anniversary , with the help of Hileah and Ellerie .
I have ordered twice from them and my Mother has received just beautiful bouquets .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviewers said that the product was beautiful, smelled great, and lasted a long time. They also said that the staff was friendly and accommodating.

****** Reviews ******
1. Every time I have ordered flowers from them , they are simply incredibly gorgeous and always right . The staff is very friendly and it 's obviously love what they do . I would recommend them to anyone without any hesitation .
2. My family sent me Birthday flowers I was so pleased the flowers were perfect the house smelled so fragrant for days ! This is the best florist I have experienced and believe me I order flowers.These girls have TALENT . They came from the fabulous Bellagio and are very experienced flower designers !
3. I called them directly to place a same-day delivery order for birthday flowers and had such a pleasant experience ! The lady who answered was very friendly and extremely accommodating . She took my order and the flowers were delivered to my sister a few hours later without issue . The flowers were beautiful and still look great a week later !
4. Kudos to the gals for delivering a stunning display of lavender long stem roses to my wife 's work for her birthday . The aroma from the roses filled the room . I am completely satisfied with the way the staff handled my order and will absolutely use Sun City-Summerlin Floweres for all my future floral needs .
5. My husband selected a gorgous long stem red rose arrangement , for our 30th wedding anniversary , with the help of Hileah and Ellerie . These ladies game him great service and made super recommendations . We have used this business several times in the past and have always been pleased . We live in Sun City Summerlin so it is very convenient .
6. I just had to stop by Sun City Summerlin Florist to personally thank them for a flower arrangement I received in the hospital my roses were beautiful and lasted over 2 plus weeks I give them thumbs up . I also had a very friendly experience with the staff . Thank you . Julie
7. My long-distance boyfriend has had flowers sent to me from sun city a few times and every time they are just beautiful ! ! always super friendly delivery as well ! Our yoga studio also uses them in our front desk arrangements and they are always so different and gorgeous ! I look forward to seeing the new ones when I come in : )
8. This is a wonderful florist . I have ordered twice from them and my Mother has received just beautiful bouquets . You just cannot go wrong with their courteous service and beautiful arrangements . Give them a try !
9. I want to thank you so much for the beautiful arrangement you made for us .... it was actually better than the photo in your book ... the arrangement was full of white orchids and red roses . Your prices are very reasonable for the freshness and quality of your work ! I would highly recommend your sho and staff to my friends . Thank you for everything