Product ID: kjY3355lQ-M2JHVwrey2qg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews said that the product was fun, had a great view, was a great value, and was a great place to visit in Las Vegas.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The product was generally well-received, with most people enjoying the views from the top of the Stratosphere Tower and the rides. However, some people found the rides to be not as exciting as they had hoped, and others found that the lap bars on the rides would not fit over them.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
I think the rides are thrilling and it 's awesome seeing the Vegas strip while on the ride .
The views of Vegas are amazing and well worth the $ 20 ticket .
I am giving them 5 stars because the view from the lounge 107 and the Top of the World restaurant is fantastic .
It was great .
If you are looking for the best view in vegas and you aren ' t afraid of heights go ahead and do yourself a favor and get on the elevator all the way up to the top !
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The product received generally positive reviews, with people praising the views from the top and the thrill of the rides. Some people found the rides to be not as scary as they would have liked, but overall they enjoyed the experience. The price of the product was noted as being a bit expensive, but most people felt that it was worth it for the experience.

****** Reviews ******
1. I purchased unlimited and I should 've brought the one use pass the rides were ok . Great view however , the rides wasn 't scary I 'm and adrenaline junky and I love roller coasters but these rides didn 't do it for me
2. If you are creating a bucket list these are these rides for you . I enjoyed all of them -eventhough I had my eyes closed . At least I can say I did it ! These are a must do and well worth the money ! ! ! !
3. Best View In Vegas ! Hands Down ! ! If you are looking for the best view in vegas and you aren 't afraid of heights go ahead and do yourself a favor and get on the elevator all the way up to the top ! If you are feeling even more daring purchase a ticket for the rides on top !
4. The views of Vegas are amazing and well worth the $ 20 ticket . I stayed on the observation deck for over two hours just soaking in the lights . Drinks are not cheap , but if you come during off peak times , you usually get a drink coupon .
5. I came there and rode all 3 rides . I got the wristband and we did it at 2am . I think the rides are thrilling and it 's awesome seeing the Vegas strip while on the ride . I think it 's a bit expensive but it was worth it . It 's much prettier at night and I would go back especially to see someone else on it
6. Best ride to try out is the big shot . It 's like a mini drop zone located on the very top of the Stratosphere . Aside from the ride , the view is breath taking . Fun to go to either day or night .
7. I am giving them 5 stars because the view from the lounge 107 and the Top of the World restaurant is fantastic . It should be on your must places to go to in Las Vegas . Since we stayed at the hotel the admission was free . They charge a cover to the public .
8. Jumping out at 855 was scary but so amazing . Very nice staff they r helpful with any needs u have . Get the DVD and picture package . It was great .
9. First of all , I enjoyed the amazing view . Second of all , I yacked on a ride . Lastly , I would do it all over again . Five stars because that 's what happens in Vegas .
10. The whole novelty of this place is based on the fact that you 're on top of the Stratosphere Tower which is about 108 stories . I rode Insanity and I did the Skyjump . Both weren 't really super super exciting if you took away the height . But it was still worth trying once .
11. Well , I didn 't do any of the rides but was there with my friends who did . It looked fun though , but I heard from them was Xtreme was ok , Insanity was better and the Tower ride at top was much better . All the rides are like a few minutes and they have a open area where you can see and take pictures .
12. GET THE ALL DAY PASS ... By getting the all day pass , you can come and go as you please . These rides are intense and worth every penny if your a thrill seeker . Make sure to try these rides during the day and evening . The night time views are spectacular and add to the experience .
13. The view from the stratosphere was awesome ! I rode all of the rides which were all quick but definitely intense . I also very much appreciated the military discount for the unlimited rides and tower pass . Definitely a must do attraction in Vegas !
14. Yeah , super scary hanging over the side of the Stratosphere ! The only ride I liked was Big Shot . The other two rides aren 't really " big " friendly because the lap bars wouldn 't latch over me . And it 's not like I 'm 300 lbs or anything ! SUPER embarrassing to say the least .
15. I bought a all day ride pass and only used it once on each ride . It was not what I expected it to be .
16. What an amazing view ! We didn 't ride any of the rides , but came here solely to get a bird 's-eye-view of the strip and the sunset over the Vegas mountains . We spent about an hour here , taking pictures and going " oooh " and " ahhh . " This place is a must for tourists , and I would love to experience it again .
17. The views from the top are awesome . Caution though if you bought Groupon tickets for the rides . If it 's too windy and the rides close the stratosphere will not refund your money . They say you need to contact Groupon however Groupon refuses to refund the cost .
18. The worthiest money we spent in Las Vegas , only $ 30 . The view is awesome on the top of the tower . You 'll feel you are flying when you 're riding ! A good place for young people .
19. It was the scariest thing in my life ! Awesome experience . Big shot is something unbelievable ! Cool placeRecommended
20. Thankfully we got some Groupons otherwise these attractions are pricy . The cost of 1 ride could get you in to a whole theme park . We did 2 of 4 of them and had a blast . No lines and the people seemed to enjoy their jobs which was rare in Vegas . If you can find a deal I 'd highly suggest this ! !
21. You must do the Sky Jump upon visiting Stratosphere , Las Vegas ! What a rush ... A must do for all thrill seekers out there ! Wow . Still in awe .
22. Its pricey , your up high and my kid is a thrill seeker.i couldnt go on it but everyone who got off the ride loved it ! im scared ! !
23. Most crazy thing to do in Vegas and best View.Vary fun great thrills .. Jump do it do it .
24. I liked it.i was not allowed to use chest mount gopro camera , but all other people were using handheld phones ! ! ! ! during the ride ! ! ! , very unfair and stupid .
25. We had a good time here . The view is great and it 's excellent that one gets a 360 degree panoramic view . The ride was well organised . We bought the photo at the end . We wouldn 't go again soon though .
26. I did the big shot and the x-scream ! The big shot is super scaryyyyy ! I felt like I was going to fly out of my seat ! X-scream made my palms sweat
27. Don 't go here very late at night with kids . Can be a creepy place to bring them with kind of a weird atmosphere . Fun for the day but don 't expect any rush as big as Disneyland or Six Flags .
28. Don 't let your fears win ! We bought tickets to Xscream and spent a solid 10-15 minutes thinking about every scenario that could end in us flying off the ride and to our deaths , and with clammy hands and a racing heart , we did it !
29. Good poker room and great structured tournaments . Some of the wait staff is a little ride . They carded my friend for a bottle of water . Yes , water .
30. Tower access and unlimited ride wrist band for being a hotel guest was 28 bucks ! ! ! Awesome deal and the lines were super short . I only give a 4 instead of a 5 because there is only 3 rides and there used to be a 4th which was a roller coaster so that sucks .. THE VIEW IS AMAZING ! ! !
31. Wonderful time up at the Stratosphere . Got to try all the rides , check off the bucket list ... $ 40 for unlimited rides per person not bad .. next time will do it at night ..
32. The view was spectacular ! We went up on a clear night and it was amazing . There is so much to do while up there too . I rode the X-Scream and it was a blast ! I will absolutely visit again on my next trip to Las Vegas .
33. Erick was absolutely awesome and helpful in helping us get our ticket situation taken care of ! He was great .
34. If you are in Vegas and looking for an adventure , this is a great start ! There are several rides that you can do at the top of the stratosphere ! The view is breathtaking ! One note to pay attention to ; make sure you don 't go in the heat of the day ! The seats are incredibly hot and it is hot waiting !
35. I only rode the x scream . The x scream was thrilling . For me personally , I didn 't get that butterfly feeling in my stomach and I sat in the very front . But it was pretty cool to be thrown towards the city . I recommend this ride . I was even able to see a bungee jumper jump off when the ride was thrown forward .
36. Only really worth it if you get the unlimited pass as each ride is only a few seconds long . But then you shouldn 't do the rides multiple times - I 'm not even 30 and I developed herniated discs after doing them .
37. This will be the best $ 30 you spend in Las Vegas ! I don 't want to spoil it for you , but you might shit yourself on X-Scream.And make sure you get a good seat facing the Strip on Big Shot . Otherwise , you 'll be looking at the trailer homes behind the Strasophere .
38. I enjoyed going on the highest ride in the world. well I went on all of them and it rocked. mainly cause I went there for my birthday was hammed ( drunk ) ate steak almost every night and bled fun out of my pores as well as money . Awesome , I love vegas .
39. Phenomenal time . Explanation of all aspects of the jump are exceptional . The crew really cares , I could 've used some better photos at night , however one step at a time ! And that step is 855 feet straight down ! Good times well worth the expense .
40. They have military discount . I went with my husband . We did the unlimited rides. we went during the days and came back at night all for one decent price . It was great and I had a great time on the rides
41. I had an amazing time on the rides ! It was so cool and discount for locals : ) the elevator ride was included in the price haha
42. Had a great time here with my wife and family ! ! The buffet was really good and priced good as well ! Lots of things to do in here at the Casino . The tower was awesome the view is amazing at night ! ! We are definitely coming here again ! !
43. $ 18 to enter the tower . $ 15 for one ride . A little pricey for just one ride , but the ride was fun . Wished it would have lasted a little longer since we did pay $ 33 to get to the top and ride it .
44. You cannot MISS the rides atop the Stratosphere ! ! ! ! AMAZING ! Worth every cent ! Id pay 100 $ a ticket to ride the Big Shot ! Really like no other = ]
45. It was a lot of fun . I just made the mistake of going there after a big lunch . Trust me the two don 't mix .