Product ID: N7Gkwbfs4sDikX4qHg_fGQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
Overall, reviewers thought the food was good, especially the guacamole, chips, and cheese dip. They also thought the portions were large and the prices reasonable. However, some reviewers thought the salsa was bland and watery, and that the ground beef was not well-seasoned. There were also some complaints about the cleanliness of the restaurant. Overall, reviewers would recommend this restaurant.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
It seems that the product is generally well-liked, with reviewers praising the taste, quality, and value of the food. There are some negative reviews, but they seem to be mostly from people who had bad luck with specific dishes or who did not enjoy their experience for unrelated reasons.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Slowed down eating because I didn ' t want it to end .
First time writing a review ... .
I have been coming to el campesino since it opened , and it is still my favorite Mexican restaurant .
I am a weekly ( or several times a week ) visitor to El Camp , great prices , good food , and fast service .
I realize this isn ' t the most authentic or unique Mexican cuisine , but everything I have ever ordered has been delicious .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The Yelp reviews for El Campesino were generally positive, with reviewers praising the food, service, and value. Some reviewers noted that the salsa could be improved, but overall people enjoyed their experience at the restaurant.

****** Reviews ******
1. First time writing a review .... so worthy . Slowed down eating because I didn 't want it to end . Sososo yummy !
2. Got a take out tonight a shrimp quesadilla and guacamole dip both were great ! ! Will be back !
3. I was disappointed that they did not serve fresh salsa or horchata . The prices were a bit high & not worth it .
4. This place is outstanding ! It 's location is a bit out of the way so many people don 't know about it though .
5. I have been coming to el campesino since it opened , and it is still my favorite Mexican restaurant . I realize this isn 't the most authentic or unique Mexican cuisine , but everything I have ever ordered has been delicious . The staff has always been very friendly and quick . I always look forward to an el campesino combination platter when I return home to Twinsburg .
6. OMG ! The food and drinks were so good . Our server was awesome and gave very good recommendations . The only negative is the salsa . It was bland and runny / watery , but other than that , the food was delicious ! The portions are large and the prices reasonable . I would recommend .
7. Best mexican restaurant in the area . The food and service is consistently good . There is also a nice patio available with lots of shade in the summertime .
8. This is my wife and My favorite place for Mexican . The Salas 's great the fajitas is my go to but I 've never had anything bad there . The family that runs it are great and their staff is also great !
9. My favorite Mexican place ! Great service and better food.The cheese dip is amazing ! The place is large and I 've never had to wait .
10. I am a weekly ( or several times a week ) visitor to El Camp , great prices , good food , and fast service . The employees treat us as family , and we love it here .
11. I always enjoy eating there . The food is good and the service friendly and fast . They have daily lunch specials so be sure and ask . I try to go once a week .
12. Chips very fresh , desserts had pretty plating and delicious . Waiter checked in often , prefer this location over Streetsboro . Will be back , desserts super affordable !
13. I had the fire burrito . It was a good size burrito and the spicy sauce is yummy but the ground beef was not seasoned and very bland . My colleague for the tacos and stated he shredded beef was also bland .
14. Wouldn 't eat here if you payed me . Dirty . Watch what your eating . They are not clean and there are issues in the kitchen with pests . Honestly . Check there rating with the health inspector .
15. Yum ! ! We ordered the seafood enchiladas , which were on special . They were delicious . Came with rice . The chips and salsa are fresh . The staff was friendly . We will eat here again .
16. Food is fine if you want Mexican in Northeast Ohio . Still looking for outstanding Mexican , but this is our family 's best option in the area . Staff is very friendly and the prices are reasonable .
17. Three reasons I would ever go back : 1 . Guacamole--best I 've had in a restaurant 2 . Shredded beef 3 . The drinks are cheapOther than that , this place is just your generic canned refried beans and pre-mixed margarita joint .
18. They have consistent and decent food at a decent price . Their service and food is pretty fast , and they have a decent variety of options . Nice local place
19. Great place to go with friends . Food is amazing-always fresh . Place is spotless . The staff is hardworking . Ask for the hot salsa in the back-muy bueno ! Place is totally legit . Best Mexican food in town !
20. Love this place ! It 's especially nice in the summer on the outdoor patio . The chips , cheese dip , and fajita quesadillas are the best and the service is super fast !
21. We were excited to go there , but we were disappointed . The chps and salsa were great ! Fried shrimp came undercooked twice . Crab enchilada was nothing like I have seen or expected . Service was especially slow and not at a busy hour . We won 't be going back.Fish tacos would be your best choice .
22. Server could have cared less about serving our meal . 10 minutes each time just to bring expected items like water . Talking to friends while we waited . Not busy either 5 tables two servers .
23. Always good food and fast friendly service ! The queso is amazing and the chips are fresh and delicious . I have had the quesadilla , the enchiladas , the beans and rice and have never had a bad experience there ever . Good Mexican food .
24. Love the Roqueto Burrito . Tons of shredded pork . I get it almost every time . They have great margaritas as well . Service is very friendly and you never wait for a table . Nice big patio for the summer .
25. Excellent food and margaritas . A lot of Mexican restaurants like this are prone to have mediocre margs but these were delicious and reasonably priced . I had the chicken fajita quesadilla and it was super yummy and flavorful and a huge portion . I will definitely be returning .
26. Three mother f * * * * * words : Fried Chicken Burrito . That dish is the sh * * . No joke . Man the food is good , the prices are cheap , plus unlimited chips and salsa ! How the f * * * can you go wrong with that ? F * * * Taco Bell . I 'm running to this border .
27. Fast service , chips and salsa arrive just after we sat down . Good selection of food for all ages . Plates come out extremely hot . Prices are very reasonable . A good place to chill , eat or get some drinks .