Product ID: px2ZZOPzA8-xG_VhE4FecQ

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews of the product are mixed. Some people said that the car wash did a good job and that they were happy with the service. Others said that the car wash was terrible and that they were not happy with the service.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The Yelp reviews of this product are mixed, with some people saying that it is a great car wash with great customer service, and others saying that it is a waste of money and that the employees are rude and do a poor job. Some people say that they have had bad experiences with the car wash, but that they spoke to the manager, Timothy, and he resolved the issue and made the experience a good one. Overall, it seems that the quality of the car wash is hit or miss, but that the customer service is generally good.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Better off just waiting for rain to clean your car than spending $ 10 on crappy car wash .
Fifteen dollars for a car wash and they don ' t even wipe off the inside .
Pretty steamed that I bought one of the elite splash passes and never got the opportunity to use it and because it 's a " new month " it can ' t be re-activated without buying a whole new months pass for twice the price .
Girl up front rude and they need to speak English I got cheated with the price they told me something on day and the very next day didn ' t honor the deal I tell you don ' t go there there is another wash around the corner much better
I don ' t go to car washes often because I 'm always disappointed and once again I regret my decision .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The Yelp reviews for this product were mostly negative, with reviewers complaining about the quality of the car wash, the rudeness of the staff, and the lack of value for the price. Some reviewers did have positive experiences, however, praising the staff and the quality of the wash.

****** Reviews ******
1. Such a good job on my Jeep ! Good experience . Everyone is kind , always smiling . Hilario was very helpful with a red scratch I was concerned about and he was able to remove it off my fender . Thank you !
2. Worst car wash ever ! Don 't waste your money . Fifteen dollars for a car wash and they don 't even wipe off the inside .
3. I will cancel this service this place ! I used to come here but today need to be canceled . Why ? Very bad service they are discriminations , not come first service first . Second times they did like that for me . Zero star ! ! ! ! ! Say goodby full cirle wash .
4. This is what $ 10 car wash gets you . We spent extra on the tire shine , awful job . Superstar is a lot better and wouldn 't leave soap marks on your windshield either . Better off just waiting for rain to clean your car than spending $ 10 on crappy car wash .
5. Girl up front rude and they need to speak English I got cheated with the price they told me something on day and the very next day didn 't honor the deal I tell you don 't go there there is another wash around the corner much better
6. Pretty steamed that I bought one of the elite splash passes and never got the opportunity to use it and because it 's a " new month " it can 't be re-activated without buying a whole new months pass for twice the price . Getting my SUV detailed here since I already paid for it but then I will discontinue all patronage here .
7. I don 't go to car washes often because I 'm always disappointed and once again I regret my decision . I had to come home and wipe down my rear window , side mirrors , the interior doors , along with water spots and dirt left all over the exterior . I would not recommend this location .
8. This has to be the worst car wash in town . There are literally two people there that are working their butts off while everybody else stands around . I had to wave someone down to ask for them to take their writing off my windshield and my car still looks like crap the water spots are ridiculous
9. Lady waving me in spoke no english . Guy asking why I was there , umfriendly . I felt like i wasnt important . Told him I didnt have my glasses and he still handed me the comouter pad . Sorry , didnt know the process . If he doesnt like his job then go elsewhere . Edwaedo very nice and helpful .
10. The wash I received did not take off the bird remains on my sun roof , and the interior had areas of attention that I had specifically I asked to be addressed , but were nonetheless neglected . The saving grace was the friendly cashier . Don 't waste your money here . Pay the neighborhood kid , or your own .
11. Should have read the reviews ! ! ! Shaking my head . Will never go there again . 70 bucks for a shitty job and a pair of wireless headphones stolen . Also , they never put in a freshner that I paid for .
12. Worst service went for an oil change and a wash got in my car still a mess and oil all over my steering wheel and center consul and they want to tell me it was there very rude and unprofessional car wasn 't even clean poorly done well never be back here
13. Waited for over 90 minutes ( they didn 't say it would be a significant wait - 3 kids with me ) and $ 50 later , I had a missing rubber liner for my cup holder , dirty console , and stinky smell .
14. Worst car wash ever . Don 't waste your money here . As soon as I get out of lot , I notice all the failures . Paid $ 25 to get a half ass vacuum job , my windows look like they were cleaned with a glazed donut , half of dash was wiped off at least . If I could give less than 1 Star I would
15. Can 't say enough about this car wash the general manager Timothy is a big reason why he is really making a difference there customer service has really been improved . Been to other car washes and they really just don 't care about doing a great job if you go to this car wash Timothy will be there and be sure but the product is what you want
16. My battery died while in line for the wash and the guys were so helpful and replaced my battery at a better price than Oreilys ! Also washed my car free of charge : ) Great customer service !
17. This place is a waist of money . A bunch of guys standing around on their phones and doing a crappy job on car washes . Horrible . After this post Tim S emailed me and asked me to cal him . I tried to call and email with no response back . Really ? ? ?
18. After receiving a response on yelp from the manager Tim , we tried to contact him to get this resolved . We have yet to hear back from him . Guess its all for show
19. It 's been a while since I 've been I a car wash . The employee had an ugly attitude.I mean for being the first person that " welcomes " the customers he needs to have better attitude ! I was about to leave since he was impolite and rude when I asked for advice for the type of car wash I needed . Last time here .
20. Awful awful awful ! Crap job and paid too much . Complained to the manager so he ran in through again . Still had dust on the dash even after the second time .
21. I had a 3 bad experiences here until I spoke to Timothy the manager . He explained to me what I needed to know . Timothy turned the 3 bad experiences I had into a very nice experience . Thanks Timothy for the laughs and resolution . Rhonda
22. Worst experience I have EVER had at a car wash .... Please believe me this place is not worth your headache .......
23. Took my car in today and they did a wax and buff which made the car shine . It was a bit pricey ( 120 ) but we 'll worth it as they cleaned the interior , tires and made the car paint shine again . Very happy and will take it back in a few months to do it again
24. I 've gone to this location a couple times now and have experienced consistently good service . I would recommend going to get a car wash first thing in the morning on the weekends as it fills up quick . Otherwise during the week it doesn 't take too long to get your car cleaned and serviced .
25. First time they scratched my truck ... Second chance I sat in line for 5 minutes . No one greeted me so I left .
26. Slow ! ! ! More staff standing around up front to check you in then actually working on your car.Not fair to the staff busting butt trying to keep up wiping and detailing cars .
27. Way overpriced ... waited for 3 hours ... detail was terrible . Work on your customer service and speediness . For the price they charge it should be lightning fast .
28. Not a bad car wash . Rates are reasonable . The quality can be a little hit or miss . The staff is friendly and everything moves pretty quickly . If you 're looking for the " perfect " wash , this is not the place for you .
29. The worst car wash ever $ 25.00 for the vip wash and I had to point out several areas for them to redo in addition I spent 30 minutes when I got home to re clean my car ... will never go back ever again .
30. Second time here in a week , they so ok car washes . But sick and tired of the harassment of the window repair guy whwn you first drive up . It 's like damn what part of no thanks don 't you get . Thinking about not coming back just of the sales harassment .
31. DONT GET YOUR WINDSHIELD FIXED HERE . They ' filled ' a small chip in my windshield , did a HORRIBLE job , then couldn 't do anything to help me except a free wash ... ? I then had to replace the windshield through my insurance anyway , instead of getting it filled correctly .
32. Doesn 't get a good wash , left soap on the car and didn 't wipe it off like they should .
33. Waited over an hour while car after car was completed before mine . Kept opening another lane and more cars were let in front of me . Manager did nothing to help , actually seemed they purposely took even longer after complaining . Avoid at all costs , they really don 't give a rip .
34. Generally speaking , car washes do a poor job and make you point out the issues hoping you won 't complain and just go . This place sucks . I have been here 4 times now trying to give it an honest try and they can 't get it right . Better off anywhere else .
35. This past Tuesday I went to full circle . Again very dissatisfied . I got the VIP car wash , my car wasn 't vacuumed , the inside the the windows weren 't wiped , the dashboard wasn 't wiped and still had glitter on my back seat . Tim the manager made it better last time however it continues to be bad .
36. Was ignored when I pulled up so I left . Guy sitting next to me waiting to go through auto wash was ignored for a while too . The guy up who was supposed to be working there was too busy chatting and flirting with some blonde .
37. Tuesday lady 's discount day . Are not flexible will only go with their packages . Might as well go to a normal self drive thru wash .
38. So annoyed after leaving this place . Paid $ 19 for " The Works " car wash . When I went to get into car it did not even look like they had wiped down some of the interior . When I asked the guy about it he said it was stains . No---not stains but just dust from camping ! Need to look for alternative car wash location .
39. Not sure why there are such bad reviews for this place . I have had my oil changed here for the past 4 years . I have never had a problem and they are always nice .
40. Horrible experience . First a very pushy greater try to sell me everything . A fight broke out between employees that had to be broken up by management . Then after paying over $ 44. they did a horrible job . Had to wash my windows when I got home . Never ever going back .
41. If I pay 18.99 for a car wash I expect a pretty thorough ( not perfect ) but decent job done on the car . This place rushes the cars through so fast they don 't even wipe down the inside . I would save your money and go somewhere else .
42. The crew under the leadership of Tim , the general manager , is friendly and provide excellent customer service . They took care of a problem very professionally . I will be back . John
43. This is one of the best places to have your car washed and detailed . Ask for Chris or Allen . The staff is one of the best on the west side of the valley .
44. Worst car wash and interior cleaning . Windshield is still dirty had to point out several dirty spots and finally got a rag and cleaned it ourself . No tip for these jokers . One of the supervisors even gave me a dirty look ! ! What happened to pride in workmanship ! !
45. Had to use this car wash twice this week due to our regular car wash being close for renovation . Extremely disappointing experience - expensive and lousy job . They are very quick but at the expense of doing even a decent job . The on terror was left dusty and the windows smeared . Will not come back .
46. This car wash is horrible says the $ 5 for a machine wash and they don 't even dry your car . Rude employees .
47. I had the works car wash yesterday . They did such a good job it was like a mini detail . The inside of my car was really dirty and needed help . I thought they spent the right amount of time to do a thorough job . I 'll definitely return .
48. This is by far the WORST car wash I 've ever been to . It 's too expensive as well and management is a joke !
49. This place rocks ! ! I came in for just a wash and was told by the manager Dane that my car needed to be buffed and waxed in order to remove the white spots from my hood , After they finished the job my car looked as good as new ! $ 120.00 and I could not be happier ! Great service ! I Will definitely be back !
50. Great service , they take care of me every time I come in here . The check out girls are sweet as well ! My new car wash spot ! ! !
51. If you have auto repair done DO NOT GIVE YOUR NUMBER . These people will place you on a Telemarketing list that you cannot get off of . I gave my number person for a windshield repair estimate and get 4-5 calls a week about a car I have not owner for over five years .
52. First and last time I will be visiting this place . Paid $ 22 for a car wash that included full interior vacuuming windows air freshener etc. they pretty much didn 't touch the inside of the car at all might as well have just got an exterior only for five bucks somewhere else .
53. I paid for a VIP wash and got my truck back filthy . I paid 24.99 to have spots on my truck and the windows filthy . Do not go here . It is not worth the money .
54. This place absolutely sucks . Watched my car sit in the vacuum area for 20 minutes while all sorts of people that came after me we getting their cars washed . Finally had to go out and yell at the workers . They really didn 't seem to care . Never coming here again .