Product ID: UUnWf37XrZqpuFRux2SHdg

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were all positive, with customers stating that they had a great experience with the massage they received. Shanice was particularly praised for her strong hands and great pressure. Customers also enjoyed the clean and professional atmosphere of the office.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The reviews were all positive, with customers stating that the staff were polite and the service excellent. They also said that the massage was relaxing and that their therapist did a great job. Some customers did mention that their massage only lasted 50 minutes instead of 60 minutes, but overall they were all happy with the service they received.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
Shanice was fabulous !
Had a Groupon for a deep tissue massage ... seriously one of the best massages I 've ever had , Tami was absolutely amazing !
Michelle gave a fantastic massage .
Anything from chiropractic , massage , physical therapy , and an on site pain doctor on Mondays .
My therapist has been doing massages for 25 + years .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were all positive, with customers stating that the massages they received were some of the best they've ever had. Other reviewers noted the friendly staff, clean facilities, and excellent service. Some customers mentioned that they would definitely come back, and others recommended the business to others.

****** Reviews ******
1. Had a massage . Shanice was fabulous ! Strong hands and great pressure . Nice office atmosphere . Front desk gals were great also ! Will be back !
2. A well run professional health care facility . Michelle gave a fantastic massage . I left loosened up and discomfort free
3. I have been going to this office for over a year now and have always been very happy with the quality of care and the friendly staff . This office has a multi-faceted approach to pain management which is a great factor for patients . Anything from chiropractic , massage , physical therapy , and an on site pain doctor on Mondays . Highly recommend .
4. I 've been a patient for a few weeks at Advanced Back and Neck . The rehabilitation from my knee injury has been going great thanks to Dr. Dabbah and his staff . I 'm happy with results after my first PRP injection , I never have to long wait , and he even followed up , with a personal phone call .
5. Erica does a great job on massages ! She did a great job with stretching and making sure my muscles were relaxed . I would definitely come here again
6. Had a Groupon for a deep tissue massage ... seriously one of the best massages I 've ever had , Tami was absolutely amazing ! .. clean , professional , friendly ! Definitely coming back .
7. OMG . Athena is the greatest . Very knowledgeable . They 're also having a cool promotion right now for first timers . I 'm definitely considering making her my new MT !
8. Been going here for the last couple months for my sporadic " destress " massages.Amazing ! Listen to all your needs and give you everything you want / need and nothing more ! Thx !
9. The staff was very polite and the service was excellent . Had a very relaxing massage and will definitely make another appointment .
10. I bought a Groupon for a massage and it was worth the discounted rate and they offer an amazing deal for a second massage $ 25 that they tell you about after your 1st massage . My therapist has been doing massages for 25 + years . She did a great job .
11. Fantastic massage . Bought a $ 25 Groupon and scheduled an appointment with Erika , she was fantastic and got deep into my back where all the knots were . Will definitely be going back .
12. I received a wonderful prenatal massage from one of their massage therapists Michelle . She worked out all my sore and tight spots . The office is friendly and clean . I purchased the massage on Groupon for a fantastic rate and was very pleased , however , my massage only lasted 50 minutes rather then 60 minutes .
13. I have had several massages at this location and have had an amazing experience thus far ! The Massage Therapist takes the time to understand your needs and area of concern and does an amazing job to address those areas .
14. This place is awesome ! I was visiting from LA and found a place for $ 25 massage and the therapist was amazing . I had Erika and I would definitely recommend her . Place is clean and is a chiropractic office but the important thing was the massage .
15. The physician who treats my chronic pain condition recommended I try some massages to see if they might help mitigate the pain . My first visit to Advanced Back and Neck Care was a pleasant surprise ( used a Groupon voucher ) . They worked on my neck and back for nearly an hour and I left feeling better than I have in a very long time .
16. they have a great massage . You can use a coupon from their site that allows to have 1 hour massage for 25 usd ... it is cheap and gives you idea about their quality
17. Finally a great deep tissue massage ! I will be back : ) Ask for Shanice if you want trigger point therapy . She 's awesome !
18. 1 hour massage was one of the best massages i have ever received . It hurt so good . I requested a deep tissue and received what exactly I needed . I will be coming back