Product ID: yoKjxI0O1hLvItz0X4Q80w

------ Summary by gpt3-yelp ------
The majority of the reviewers had positive things to say about the Home Depot store, mentioning the convenience, helpfulness of the staff, and fair pricing. A few reviewers mentioned that the store hours should be updated online, and that the store was not always open when it was supposed to be. One reviewer had a negative experience with a staff member, but the rest of the reviewers had positive experiences. Overall, reviewers seemed to be happy with the store.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-yelp-ll ------
The vast majority of reviewers had positive experiences with the product, commenting on the convenience, stocking, and helpfulness of staff. A few reviewers noted that the store hours should be updated online, and that the store was not as well-stocked as other similar stores. One reviewer had a negative experience with a staff member. The parking lot was also mentioned as being trashy.
------ Summary by qfsumm-yelp ------
The store hours should be updated online to match when the store actually closes .
No one wants to drive all the way to the store at 9 pm thinking they close at 10 pm ( because that 's what it says online ) only to find they actually close at 9 pm .
Customer service does exist for single females in a hardware store .
Today , however , we had the unfortunate experience of dealing with Diana in customer service .
Normally , our experience at Home Depot is great .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-yelp ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people finding the store helpful and convenient, while others found the staff to be unhelpful and the store to be poorly stocked. There were also complaints about the store hours not being accurate, and about the quality of the lumber.

****** Reviews ******
1. The store hours should be updated online to match when the store actually closes . No one wants to drive all the way to the store at 9pm thinking they close at 10pm ( because that 's what it says online ) only to find they actually close at 9pm . So annoying .
2. Compared to other HD stores , this one is about par with the others . Friendly staff , easy to find stuff I need . I 'm in different about choosing to go to a HD or Lowe 's . Just whatever is closer or if I did research , cheaper .
3. Normally , our experience at Home Depot is great . Today , however , we had the unfortunate experience of dealing with Diana in customer service . She was rude , dismissive , unhelpful and appeared annoyed with our situation .
4. Great place , never crowded.Lumber anyways seems to be damaged or cracked . Mane sure you inspect the lumber before you buy it .
5. Convenient well stocked store , helpful staff . Larry in the paint department is great and talented at matching a previous color . Prices are fair and store is clean and well maintained .
6. Worst Home Depot ive been to ... Smallest selection of Milwaukee tools compared to others especially Thunderbird store .... Online it said 3 Milwaukee M18 Sawzalls left ... Couldnt find them ... Home Depot employee couldnt find them .... Went to Thomas location and they had everything in stock i need and where its supposed to be ... This store blows
7. Customer service does exist for single females in a hardware store . The gentleman chuck answered my questions in a timely manner .
8. Picked up a Christmas tree here today . It 's a Home Depot , pretty basic ... lost points for two different employees giving wrong directions on where to find a tree stand . Other than that , it 's just about the same as any other Home Depot or Lowes .
9. I 'm so happy I found Randy ( Home Depot associate ) he was very helpful and worked really hard to find what I was looking for for months Great Job Randy ! !
10. Just stopped in to buy a couple pool noodles . They were cheaper than Walmart ( $ 2.88 vs. $ 2.97 for the larger ones ) .
11. Very grateful to an employee that returned a valuable item that I lost in the restroom . I am in this store all the time and they always have what I need !
12. Customer service people are rude and don 't know how to do their job . Especially Ivette that was rude and unprofessional .
13. Tree department sucks . Was waiting for ever for them to load . They kept skipping me to load it up . Never buy a tree from there again .
14. I recently moved so I went to get two keys duplicated . One set worked fine but the other one would get stuck and not turn completely , leaving my 10 year old locked out . After that , the lock broke and I had to go right back and spend more money on a new knob / lock .
15. Online says open at 5 am . Actually opens at 6 . Asked if I could get my 50 bolts anyways at self check out or a register . " No registers open sooo no " was his answer . He didn 't like it when I said " no one else in here can turn on a self checkout ? "
16. Sad ! The parking lot is always trashy . They 've turned the loading area into contractor parking , so now the everyday home owner can 't pull up to load larger items .
17. Thanks Steve for helping me pick the sprinkler parts I needed for my repair . I appreciate you taking the time to help coach me through the process . This lady definitely needed lots of guidance
18. Great selection , good staff 90 % of the time , really can only remember one experience where they messed up and unfortunately it was on a copy of my house key . Gonna go back and get it fixed , if it 's a good experience they 'll get 4 stars from me