1. I love this sushi bar , absolutely would recommend any sushi lover to try them out ! I order from them every Wednesday and Sunday for half off sushi and it 's really good . Freshly made every time !
2. Hibachi - Chef was a rock star - food was good but way to salty to me . Felt the price to be high considering you get ALOT of rice with your meal and not enough of anything else . Will try other options next time .
3. Wife 's steak was underdone . She asked for Medium well , and her 's was still bleeding . The lobster was over cooked . Was like rubber . Not going back ever . Not worth the money .
4. Some great sushi to be had here , and the specials they have going on are amazing ! Hibachi lunch is cheap and fun to go to , and we try to come as often as we can . Ask for Yang if you want top notch service !
5. This is the best place in Monroe for sushi . Take advantage of half priced sushi on Wednesdays and Sundays . They are fresh , delicious , and service is fantastic . They also have Hibachi which is great for lunch at only 8 bucks . My favorite place in the local area .
6. Food was really good . I use Yelp often but don 't usually comment . Today I felt compelled . If you are gluten free like Katie , the world doesn 't revolve around you . Just bag your lunch so the rest of us don 't have to listen to you cry .
7. I literally waited over 30 minutes for four little amazing pieces of sushi with no apology or real explanation . Then , the rice immediately detached itself from the fish . Therefore , I cannot recommend this restaurant unless you don 't feel like driving far from your hotel . Woe is me .
8. Takara 's cruchy roll is to doe for ... so much so for about a month I went every few days to get one ~ and then two.Excellent staff knew what I wanted when I walked through the door.Tocaras has become a favorite place where friends and I love to meet and catch up from our busy lives ~
9. Two words : Godzilla roll . Amazingly fine sushi in a strip mall and in Monroe . I recently moved back to NC from the San Francisco Bay Area . I was extremely skeptical and a bit afraid of eating sushi in my provincial old hometown . WRONG . This place rocks !
10. Great new chef the hibachi was amazing ! The show was very entertaining great place for familys , party , date . Definitely recommend you check this place out !
11. the food is ok , the chicken is a bit more harder if that make any scence , the shrimp sause is thick and is not so good , they dont offer as much as other hibachi places and they cost the same . But they have really good sushi .
12. If you are gluten free , do not eat here ! ! Our server didn 't even know what " gluten free " meant , so to avoid any consequences I stuck with an overpriced leaf of iceberg lettuce and a few avocado cubes .
13. Not worth the money ! We paid 50 $ for two people and the rolls were to tiny : / bit disappointing a regular rainbow roll at . New Zealand cafe will get you full This was like half the normal roll , so no thank you never again
14. Made a reservation at 7 : 00 , barely got sat by 8 : 00 .... on a Wednesday . Ridiculously bad service .
15. Just started Working in Monroe and have fiund some great places to eat . I had Sushi and sak ad fir lunch . The service and food were both good . The ginger dressing was fresh like the Sushi
16. We eat here a few times a month , both in and take out . Mostly take out sushi on Sunday 's , as they have 1 / 2 price rolls on those days . Highly recommend ! !
17. Well prepared food cooked in front of you . Entertainment provided by the chefs . Good sized portions of the food I ordered .
18. We eat at Takara at least once a week . The sushi is amazing and half off on Wednesdays and Sundays , so it 's a great deal ! The staff is awesome too , always so friendly ! The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere as well . Definitely give it a try , you won 't be disappointed !