1. Beautiful space , excellent service but for me the food was just ok . I found many of the dishes to be lacking flavour and nothing is making me want to rush back . I think I may have had high expectations for this place but to me it was just average hence the 3 * review .
2. Overall great experience . Bright , open atmosphere . Great service . Some pastas can be made vegan / gluten free . Kale salad is fantastic . Smaller portions but fresh quality ingredients make up for it .
3. I went there two times for lunch.Yummy ! The pizza Carne is really good , and pasta taste fresh too.Service is fast !
4. Good food . Descent service . Great for groups due to the communal seating . Get the meatball dish . The chicken was good . Very heavy foods . Very good desert . Reasonably priced bottles of wine for under 50 . The brochettes were interesting . Had to eat but lots of flavour . The pizza was very good . Great toppings .
5. Food was very good . Antipasto was beautifully presented and very tasty . It took forever for our entrees to arrive , with no explanation or apologies . Server never asked if we wanted anything to drink .
6. Even though they do not allow substitutions , the food here is absolutely superb ... From the bolognese pizza to the kale & caesar salads and salmon . Sadly the wait staff did not follow though on the service end : (
7. The food and service were amazing ! I had the spaghetti pomodoro and me friend had the vegetarian lasagna - delicious ! The caramel dessert was sublime , probably one of the best desserts I 've ever had . Highly recommend Tyler was our server and was very attentive and dimitrii is the manager and also came by our table to check in on our experience .
8. First and foremost this place is stunning . The ambiance in the restaurant was perfect . The communal tables are interesting and fun . Food is beyond delicious . A + + on the bolognese pizza . Kindly greeted and periodically asked how dinner was without interrupting the table . # TwoEntrepreneursApproved
9. Amazing food and great staff . Dmitri , the manager , does a fantastic job of asking for feedback while building rapport with new customers . We tried the arabiatta pizza and the ravioli - both delicious . Try the home made soda 's as well ! Ya , I said try the sodas . Trust me !