1. My husband and I love their food but when we tried to order delivery tonight , which we have done many times before , we were told we had to order a minimum of $ 45 ! You have lost our business !
2. Great food and very friendly staf ... Clean and comforting ambience ... Do try their 3 Cup Chicken ! ! !
3. This was an excelent meal . The food was one of the best Chinese meals I have eaten . Hot and sour soup was the perfect combination of heat and flavor , I was sad when I reached the bottom . All the food is made fresh here ; egg roles , dumplings and you can task it . The staff is friendly and prompt it was just great .
4. You can tell someone really cares about this restaurant , the food that is served , and the manner in which it Is served . This is the best Asian inspired eatery in Akron . The sushi , Thai specialities and classic Chinese restaurant style dishes are all equally good . I would not hesitate to recommend House Of Hunan .
5. Probably the best Chinese food I 've ever had . Their lo mein and General Tao 's chicken are amazing . They also have some of the fastest delivery I 've ever seen .
6. I went Chinese and sampled the sushi . Authentic Chinese , my mouth is watering as I type and I wish I was there for some pot stickers !
7. Good service even on a busy night like Mother 's Day , of course it helps to call ahead . The menus selection was very authentic and tasteful .
8. Amazing amazing amazing ! ! ! ! I love this place it 's delish ! Great atmosphere - reasonable prices and amazing food .
9. My family and I decided to go to House of Hunan for dinner last night and it was amazing ! My Mom and sister split the Sweet and Sour Shrimp , I got the same dish and my daughter got Cashew Chicken . We hasn 't been there for a few years and the food tasted better than I ever remembered ! We will be going back again soon !
10. Fast , hot and delicious . A little pricier than other thai food , but worth it with the quality ingredients .
11. Everything I 've ever ordered here has been absolute perfection ! This is a menu you should feel confident trying new things from .
12. I have been coming here since my mom was pregnant with me . While I generally love the food I was disappointed when the server told me there is no more egg foo young ..... guess I 'll have to start going to Cleveland or make it myself .
13. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant . I live in Columbus which has a lively food scene and I just can 't find anything that compares . The wonton soup is delicious and I love to pot stickers and the dipping sauce is amazing .
14. I took an out-of-town friend here for a nice evening out and we were not disappointed . I recommended the Orange Chicken because it 's a personal favorite and she loved it ! I tried something new , the Peking Duck . It was very enjoyable . This is a great place for guests .
15. Ordered out for delivery last night and was served with THE BEST shrimp fried rice I 've ever had . Colorful , fresh and delicious . Plus the " delivery guy " was 15 minutes early and dressed like a host . Awesome service and awesome food . I am definitely going to try the dining room next time !
16. Food and service has taken a steep dive . Sushi is no longer any good and food is barely above that in a mall food court . This used to be the best around , but no more . Very sad indeed .
17. Went there for Mother 's Day ! Loved the sushi , and my husband 's Salmon was excellent ! ! The fillet was huge , on top of veggies covered with a wonderful sauce ! I have never had a bad meal here ! Can 't wait to go again ! !
18. Beautiful decor , disappointing food . Both my Hot Sour Soup and Sechuan chicken had an overly vinegar undertone . Nice Spring Roll , but that 's about it .
19. After having a horrendous experience at Pad Thai Fairlawn less than a mile away , and storming out of there , I enjoyed a wonderful meal with my wife and two young daughters at House of Hunan . Food and service were excellent . I have been there multiple times in the past and will go back for sure .
20. The sushi is average but most of the Chinese dishes are excellent . The wonton soup is so good that I sometimes eat it as a meal . The waiting staff have never been anything less than awesome . The lunch prices are great .
21. Just stopped in on a business trip and was very satisfied with the restaurant . Really good food at reasonable prices . Our waitress was excellent .
22. This is Out new Asian go to place . Fusion . I had peach schnapps chicken . OMG . Like orange chicken w a twist . Not real peachy . Chicken was little strips fried . I loved it . Also had mu shu pork . Better than we have found in Cleveland . We will definitely be back .
23. Great meal for myself and 3 others . I had their interpretation of the bird 's nest and the seafood was fresh and delicious . The won ton soup wasn 't that great .. colder than I would have liked and more of a beef rather than chicken base . Generous portions . Will definitely return .
24. I recently moved to the Akron area from Chicago , and this restaurant has become my new favorite for take-out . My husband and I are vegetarians , and the offerings at House of Hunan are great ! The food has consistently been fresh and flavorful . They also know how to prepare tofu properly .
25. Great place for anything Asian-- sushi , sashimi , chinese you name it . Food is very flavorful . Megan Stone is great . Our server Jenn was flustered a bit at the start . Got me the wrong beer and wrong sashimi dish as well . As the evening progressed , she showed a bit of humor . Drunken fish very tasty . Seaweed salad another winner .
26. Simply my favorite restaurant . My wife and I always look forward to a great dinner at House of Hunan .
27. Always a great meal , delicious & happy friendly service . Wonderful wonton soup and miso soup . Prefer the spring roll o egg roll , we 've been coming here for 15 + years & it never disappoints .
28. I will preface this review with the fact that I prefer authentic Chinese food . I was expecting Hunan style and spicy ; very disappointing in the spicy level . Also the food was very Americanized . It was a little better than the American Chinese food at PF Changs , but not great if you are looking for real Chinese food
29. The last 10 + orders of our favorite dish , Prosperity Shrimp , have finally come as described on the menu . Thank you !
30. The pad thai is incredible . They give you a giant plate and the service is great . I always try to come here when visiting . The best in Akron .
31. Anything lower than a one . Have eaten here for years . Service was poor . Sent back food 3 times . Very disappointed .
32. The worst place I have been to , bad service , unfriendly managers , found hair in two meals , and lo mein had crusty hard glass like chunks in it .. would never go back
33. The ambiance was really the best part . Nice decor and good service . The food was rather disappointing . It definitely wasn 't bad , but for the price I expected much more . Still one of the better restaurants in the area though .
34. Great place to go to when you want authentic Asian food . I get the orange flavored chicken and a spring roll . The wait is not long at all and the waitress we had last time was very nice but hard to understand . The food is great but sort of expensive I recommend this restaurant for sure !
35. This place is da bomb with a gong ! Everything they have is delicious . They have traditional dishes which are excellent and the more Americanized goodies too .
36. The dumplings in chili sauce are divine . Service was fast and friendly . I love how the cozy atmosphere .