1. I live nearby and really wanted to support local but place wasn 't great . Quite loud , food mediocre . Staff was really nice so I feel bad but food needs improvement .
2. Nice local place with southern charm to grab breakfast and lunch . Love the cowboy caviar ! The prices are very good . Very friendly staff with plenty of parking in the back . The only thing I would say is wish there were more menu options .
3. Awesome place ! You are treated like family . They have a great selection of food . Squash casserole is to die for ! Favorite place for my entire family .
4. We went back for lunch a few weeks ago and even though they were out of meatloaf I really enjoyed my Club sandwich and fried Squash !
5. Went for lunch with a friend and this place was packed . The food wasn 't bad , it was just nothing special . Don 't think I 'll be back .
6. The food was fresh & hot . Friendly staff . You know it 's good when the parking lot stays full . Quaint little nostalgic restaurant .
7. Great food . Great service . Great atmosphere . I highly recommend this place . Kevin and Julie have done a wonderful job of presenting a first class menu at affordable prices .
8. Have no idea how there food is . Went here today for lunch and it was quite busy . Put out name on list and waited outside . 40 minutes later still not seated and to find out they just skipped over our name . Bad customer service .
9. Great burgers ( pimento cheese burger ) yummy ! ! ! The dip they bring you when you are seated is awesome too .
10. Good food , great atmosphere , friendly staff really enjoy the breakfasts . The prices are very affordable . Overall a great value ! !
11. We had the opportunity of being one of the first customers at The Bridge restaurant while enjoying the Hemby Bridge Christmas Parade . The steak sandwich was outstanding . We will be back once you get your dining room open .
12. The food is southern and pretty good , the service is outstanding . One is really make to feel at home . I 'll go back many times .
13. I confess I 've only been once . Their breakfast is fantastic . Make sure you get there early because that line gets long later in the morning . I 'm sure their dinner is good , hadn 't tried it yet . The omlettes were awesome . Good tasting coffee . Overall great atmosphere
14. We had breakfast here and the food was spot on . The service lacked a lot but was made up for by an amazing owner . She greeted us and checked on us more than the waitress who seemed not care a bit about customers . No doubt in my mind they will find the right servers to match the food and the owners passion .
15. We visited for lunch , they were packed ! The wait was a little longer than we expected bit my western omelet was FULL of fixins ' ! My husband lived the grits and Im soooo glad they have rye toast : ) I think they will be a 5 star once they get some time under their belt . Bit overall , yes ... I would recommend !
16. Fantastic daily specials , friendly staff and quick service . Try the grilled salmon salad ( when available ) !
17. Signs and hours posted say they are open until 2 : 30 . Got there at 2 : 20 and closed . Disappointing .
18. GREAT place ! For me a tad pricy for breakfast but worth it . Great service and food quality .