1. Awesome customer service ! Easy and fast . The person who helped me was Jose Torres and just wanted to say thank you for your service ! I would definetly recommend to all my friends in need of any kind of insurance !
2. Jose and Erica were very kind and helpful explaining all my options to me . They helped me save lots of money . Will definitely recommend to friends and family . Thank you !
3. Had the best experience calling All Nevada Insurance and the young lady on the line answered all my questions and directed me exactly to who could assist me better . Thank you ! Thank you ! So much Melissa very helpful and courteous on the phone best customer experience I 've had on the phone !
4. Jose Torres was a tremendous help in assisting me with my home and auto insurance ! If you 're looking for fast and easy service , call this guy ! Very knowledgeable
5. Make sure your policy is handled by an experienced broker at one of the All Nevada branches . Sahara location dropped the ball more times than I can count . Fairly incompetent from my experience-look elsewhere for insurance needs .
6. Cindy has been amazing . She always answers my questions and goes above and beyond to find me the best policy at the cheapest price for my budget . Not only is she FANTASTIC at her job , her kindness and personality make it easy to understand all the ins and outs of my home and auto policies . Thank you , All Nevada , especially Cindy .
7. I have been working with Maria for a while . She is very quick to respond to me and to the client 's that I refer to her . They have the best rates as well . 5 stars !
8. I just want to thank Cindy G for answering the 5 billion questions I had . Insurance can be so confusing . She was knowledgeable and professional and was able to help me find just the plan I need . Thanks again Cindy . Happy Holidays !
9. Just wanted to let you know what a wonder experience I have had with All Nevada Insurance . Italia Bonilla is top notch . After experiencing a car accident and insurance issues . She was very professional and so very helpful . She made a stressful situation so much less difficult . Thank you .