1. If I could I would give this place no stars . The owner of the property doesn 't care about the safety of his tenants at all . They had multiple robberies and burglaries and it is NOT SAFE for single women and families with children. save your money and turn away
2. for no reason given to us we were not allowed to renew our lease they gave us a 30 day notice to quit we paid our rent on time we were quiet responsible renters I feel it is unprofessional and cowardly not to give us a reason why we had to pull up Stakes and move for no reason other than quote on quote the owner wants his property back
3. I 'm a current resident here and this place is okay , but not so much safe . We 've had 2 break ins in our apartment and one in our car . Security is amazing at regulating parking , but not so much at securing the community .
4. Worst in the world . They go into apartments about once a month . Administration office is a joke . They make you spend money to pay your rent . They want cash only but you have to pay to put it on a card . Walk around with grand in your pocket . Which is unsafe .
5. We didn 't know we weren 't allowed more than one pass for parking . There is never parking even for uncovered vehicles . Always have to park on the other side of the complex just to leave my car somewhere so it won 't be stickered or towed .
6. Well not a review .. just a statement .. was seriously interested in moving here for the summer .. But after reading through about 35 reviews of how terrible of a place this is .. I BELIEVE IT . Called to speak to someone in the front office and my call was never returned .. Guess l 'll keep searching .. Thank God I dodged a bullet .
7. Now that Yelp erased my 1 star original feedback due to Copper Creek 's request ... I will say this ... Management and the staff there need to improve their rude and unprofessional attitude with new customers trying to see the place . Ignoring customers of certain nationalities is very unprofessional . The negative feedback already stated speaks volumes on the staff.Think twice before moving there . Thanks .
8. Horrible ! ! ! refund on fees take more then 30 days . They take fees automatically , but will not refund automatically . I had to dispute with my bank after staff refused to assist .
9. This place is overpriced . Parking situation is horrible unless you have only 1 car . THEY TOW YOUR CAR even if you are living here . The place overall has 2 stars on yelp as it is. use your head and choose a competitor .