1. Maize is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Champaign-Urbana . The new location is wonderful . Unlike the original location , there is plenty of room to enjoy your dining experience . I suggest trying a Volcan !
2. Got the veggie flutas here . They were okay . The refried beans were super salty . The rice didn 't taste fresh . The food was mediocre . The service was okay .
3. -Food is 5 star ( the pastor tacos were amazing ! ) -Service was a 2 star ( wasn 't even rush hour and extremely slow ; many wrong orders within our party ; forgot to bring things ) -Drinks were a 1 star ( not tasty , limited choice , and REALLY expensive for what you got ) .Overall , go for the food but expect to wait !
4. This place is yummy ! Don 't expect your average Mexican restaurant experience . This is much more authentic . It did not disappoint .
5. I 've never had a bad meal here . The fish taco is my favorite , but everything I 've tried has been so fresh and tasty . Prices are very reasonable , too . Service seems a bit slow , though , and they have a weird thing about how they can only do 6 separate checks maximum .
6. Had 3 tacos tradicional ( carne asada , pastor , and chorizo ) , chips and guacamole , and a margarita . Everything was excellent . I will definitely come back . Highly recommended .
7. a solid option for mexican. food is authentic mexican and flavorful. always great to get home made tortillas. i will definitely go back
8. Awesome half price margaritas on Tuesday ! Wonderful carne asada burrito for lunch . Cheryl is the greatest ever !
9. the meat is very well marinated , leaning to the salty side , but still very good. service is fast and the food comes quickly too. prices are very reasonable ! would come again .
10. This place has ruined other Mexican places for me . The gorditas are awesome ! And their cheese " dip " is ridiculously good !
11. Lots of fun to eat at . Great food , nice staff , cicadas and live band both entertaining in the courtyard , and gorgeous old train station bar inside . Great for Mexican food and train aficionados both , and nice relaxed atmosphere for family or date
12. Best Mexican food I 've had . Great environment as well . Love the steak tostadas as well as the steak burrito .
13. Lots of food for a good price and fantastic service ( super fast ) . Amazing chips and salsa .
14. Yummy margaritas , great pastor tacos . Daughter and I sat at the bar to have a snack and a drink . The bartender was very friendly and informative as to the menu options . Chips were too thick for my taste but were sturdy and appears they would not break when scooping guac . Cool place , I love the location .
15. Their steak tacos are to die for . The salsa is just as good . This was my first visit but certainly will not be my last !
16. Favorite restaurant to go to for tacos ! It 's close to campus and the food is great . It 's never disappointing and I love the ambiance of this place .
17. Food was good as usual , I liked that they have alcohol available at this location . Service was a bit too attentive , but wasn 't really a nuisance
18. Tacos are the bomb ! Especially the Americano with chorizo ! I wish they would give bigger portions of the salsa that came with the tortilla chips considering the fact that it was a party of 6 of us but each time we wanted a refill it came right away . Lime margarita was delish ! Our server was very friendly & efficient ! Nice atmosphere as well !