1. Oh so good ! 1st time there was today . Service was great and friendly . The food was awesome . They finally got their liquor license and will be serving by next week . Can 't wait to go back
2. At least it 's named appropriately . Come here if you want something you would typically get from a street cart . The food wasn 't absolutely terrible but nowhere near good enough for a repeat visit . In addition the place was dirty .
3. $ 1 taco Tuesday has become a weekly tradition . I live in an area full of your typical everyday fast food chains and its truly a breathe of fresh air when I have Sabor to eat at . Healthy opinions of great quilty food which I 'm searching for right after working out . I would like to put some art in this restaurant . # saborislife
4. Visited for the first time and got the shredded quinoa taco salad with black beans . It was absolutely delicious , tasty and filling ! The employees were super nice and helpful with making recommendations . They even have margaritas , Mexican soda and a great beer selection . Will definitely be going back ! !
5. First time here , had our first experience in noda , which was perfect and on point.This location serves waaaaaaaay less quality mexican foods compares t their noda location.I hate their flip screen POS that pretty forces ( default at ) service fees of 20 % . For a fast food , really ?
6. This place caught me off guard . Doesn 't look like much from outside and when you step inside it doesn 't exactly scream " you 'll love it here ! " However , I LOVE THIS PLACE ! The service is friendly , and the chicken arepa is ridiculously good . Love their sauce too ! Keep it up , Sabor !
7. Seven of us went to Sabor today for lunch . We got 9 items to share . All of the items were good . My favorite was the empanadas filled with ground beef and cheese . Carne asada covered fries were tasty . Very quick to remove empty containers from our table .
8. if you like tacos made with corn tortillas .. then this is yhe place for you. awesomw tacos. good price margheritas. great friendly vibe. lots of vegetarian options. cant wait to go back and try more things .
9. Awesome staff . Food us really good too ! I had the burrito and my friend had the nachos , which for the price was an insane amount of nachos . Had a great experience with both food and staff , what more could you ask for ? Would definitely recommend !
10. We were out running errands and just stopped in for a quick meal.I can 't believe how cheap the prices are for such good food . Not only is the food affordable , it 's delicious .
11. So delicious ! I had the carne asada fries , yuca fries , corn , and shrimp tacos . I shared . No judgement lol . The people working were super nice and the food came out really quickly . I wish they had a chain closer to my house .
12. Huge nachos ! Huge burritos ! So delicious ! Can 't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu !
13. We ordered almost the whole menu . My favorite though , is the empanadas and quinoa avocado bowl with chicken .
14. First time here and it was amazing ! I had the carne asada fries and my daughter had the kids quesadilla . The food was wonderfully flavorful and even my picky eater declared her food delicious ! The sauces in the back of the dining area were yummy , accurately described , and tasted fresh . Staff was helpful , polite and quick . I will be back .
15. They fast friendly and clean . This is my second visit . Very close to Latin street food . I will be back . Empanadas my favorite the best !
16. Overall amazing , delicious experience ! ! ! Cheese Arepa- incredible ! ! ! ! Mexican Corn- Amazing fresh taste ! ! Yuca fries- crunchy outside , supple inside- yummy ! ! !
17. This place is the greatest . Really authentic , good quality food that is fast and well priced is a rare thing in the Charlotte and this place is fantastic ! ! Love the ease of ordering and the margs too .
18. I was amazed at how good this place was . The only bad thing was the cold front Mother Nature sent through on the night we visited . Portions were nice sized and freshly made to order . It 's a good change of venue in a place we need it most .
19. Not bad but the quality seems to be slipping from our initial visits . Could you get some decent plastic utensils , please ? These are unusable .
20. I love this place , it 's not expensive and the food is fast and amazing ! My favorite is the quinoa avocado bowl with grilled chicken ! Also the Guac is amazing , get a large bowl and the chips are free . They have some really good craft beers as well !
21. This place has the best food and the guacamole is the best we 've had since leaving California . Awesome . The service is also outstanding . This is on our regular places to eat . Love it .
22. We dropped in for dinner last night and had another great meal . Pattrick took our order and made us a couple margaritas that hit the spot ! We had a " make your own bowl " and quesadilla with grilled chicken . As always the food was delicious and served promptly . Looking forward to our next visit .
23. Excellent food , fresh , hand made and a great variety of a la carte items . I hope they serve house red wine and not just beer . Women love Merlot more than Beer lol ! ! Can 't wait to try the rice and beans as those are the true test of Latin food .
24. The portions are huge , and super fresh ingredients . The pork is delish and is flavored with pineapple , highly recommend trying . Great prices for such large portions and if you buy a large queso you get the chips for free . Friendly and clean establishment . We habe NO made it a weekly staple .
25. Delicious and worth the price ! The empanadas and elote were amazing . The staff were sweet and friendly . We will definitely be coming back .
26. This place has terrific and fresh food . They have great daily Specials including $ 1 taco Tuesday and kids eat free on Wednesdays . My favorite dish is the Supreme Nachos with grilled chicken and black beans .
27. This is my new favorite lunch spot . The food is always fresh and amazing . The Nachos are some the best . Oh yeah , the Empanada is amazing as well . Every time I go I try something different and nothing has been a letdown . Great staff .
28. The food is delicious . My husband hates mexican food but even he asks to eat here . We went to the hawthorne location but it was way to loud and busy . This location is not as loud and is much better for family dining
29. Food here is GREAT the menu is full of yummy goodness . With anything you chose to eat you will not go wrong , if you looking for beer and mix drinks they got you cover from Mexican beer to local beer . Best Latin food by far .
30. Food was excellent and the portions were more than generous ! ! Good beer selection and $ 4 margaritas when we were there tonight ! ! Definitely will go again
31. Wow wow wow ! I 've been missing out and eating inauthentic Latin foods for years until we decided to try this place last night . I could keep describing , but will just say again : " wow wow wow " . We will frequent this place .
32. Great twist on Latin food . Tasty and great staff . It is one of my favorite go to spots .
33. So delicious ! I had the carne asada fries , yuca fries , corn , and shrimp tacos . I shared . No judgment lol . The people working were super nice and the food came out really quickly . I wish they had a chain closer to my house .
34. Great street corn and tacos , particularly the pastor with pineapple ! Love the salsa selection and seasoned chips make for a welcome change from the standard taqueria fare . Chicken was quite dry and bland but with the salsa went down easy . Nice corn tortillas and quick service as well .
35. Excellent flavors , fresh ingredients , fast . Friendly people . One of our favorite places for lunch or dinner . Especially love the salads !
36. Food at Sabor is good . The staff are usually friendly , especially one little guy hat works there . He 's always helpful with suggestions about the menu items and checks on you once you 've gotten your food . They could definitely use more seating or just a bigger place . It 's too popular to be in such a small location .
37. Great food price is a little high but the taste makes up for that the people were really nice and the service was quick it have a very authentic feel
38. Everything we have gotten at Sabor is so , so good . Our favorite is the nachos with steak . My daughter and I share an order and we can never finish them . The margaritas are also fantastic .
39. Quick and easy stop for a Latin food fix ! Many options for vegetarians all with an authentic taste . Super friendly staff also . The plastic utensils are the worst thing about this location , the utensils seem small and are flimsy .
40. Love this place ! Awesome $ 1 taco tuesdays , love the chicken quesadillas , love love love , come here at least once a week ! One suggestion please add one in Matthews ! ! : ) great value , great taste , goodService !
41. Awesome food , more than enough food and VERY friendly service ! Variety of sauces was a great adventure in flavor . One of our new favorites !
42. Tasted good but did not sit well in my stomach . Very clean location . If you have a strong stomach I would recommend .
43. Great food , VERY limited seating ( approx . 8-ish tables ) . Food so good , worth eating lunch at 11am or dinner at 4pm !
44. We order from here very often , sometimes a couple of times a month . Always the best and freshest food and I cannot talk highly enough about how great their burritos are ! ! Insanely good and I crave their fresh foods .
45. This place is great ! The nachos are huge ! Way more than enough . Love the corn tortilla tacos . Much more of an authentic type ! Great prices too .
46. Best burrito I have ever had ! Their handmade margaritas are also spectacular ! The salsa bar gives you the opportunity to try all of their options . We have already been here 3 times and it will remain in our dining out rotation !
47. Great nachos that consume an entire pizza pan . Clean and fast service . Great sauces too ! ! !
48. One of our new favorite places to grab a quick meal . Satisfies our picky eaters too . The restaurant itself is small so it can fill up quickly . Service is great , staff is friendly , and the nachos are amazing . We 've been there about 5 times in the past six months and have no complaints .
49. The Sabor Special Burrito is excellent and huge in size . I like the salsa bar they have as well ( especially the pineapple habanero ) . They also have a pretty decent beer selection .
50. New favorite place in Indian Trail ! Better than Chipotle ! Superior service , fast , clean , fresh food , salsa buffet , and the cherry on top : queso ! ! !
51. Stumbled upon this place while debating on going to Firehouse or starving . Sabor is very good . I tried the chicken taco , beef taco and beef empanada . The tacos were the best I have had in Charlotte . What you expect in real corn tortilla tacos . The empanada was good , but not excellent .
52. This place is really good I enjoyed my meal . I got the shredded chicken quesadilla and a order of carne asada fries ; both was really good . The only complain I have is that the fries get soggy and so did my quesadilla .
53. I have been to this location twice and pleased both times . Tasty food and fresh . They also have a self service salsa bar with to go cups .
54. Food is pretty good for a chain restaurant but be prepared to spend a lot of $ $ for little amount of food they up charge you for every thing and the size of the side are absurdly ridiculous !
55. Seriously could eat here EVERY day ! Great menu items fresh , tasty and healthy . This is my 4th time and I give 5 stars each time . Friendly fast staff . Weird but true .. they have great tea , it is usually an indicator for me . I will be back .... maybe tomorrow . Go NOW ! !
56. I would say that I 'm sorry for cheating on Qdoba but , I 'm not at all sorry . Sabor is the MECA of all thing burritos , tacos , and nachos . Sabor owns Latin food . I eat here about 4 to 5 times a week . The menu has a wide variety of healthy options and comfort foods . Your welcome . # sabor # yelp
57. Food here is GREAT the menu is full of yummy goodness . With anything you chose to eat you will not go wrong , if you looking for beer and mix drinks they got you cover from Mexican beer to local beer . Best Latin food by far .
58. One of my favorite restaurants . I have eaten at uptown and south charlotte locations . Both spots are a 10 .
59. Our first experience was great ! We loved the food ! Our second experience started out rocky but they made up for that with the wonderful service from Mr.Deal. We will definitely be back .
60. Ordered a burrito must of had a miss communication got a bowl no biggie food was a little bland there was plenty of it though
61. I was a little hesitant when trying this place out . I 'm a vegetarian and going to restaurants that are favored by meat eaters aren 't always my " go to " . I ordered the veggie empanada and the quinoa avocado bowl . Both were extremely delicious and satisfying.I will definitely be back , and you should all give it a try ! ! !
62. Very tasty . I really love Mexican food . Even though it was super authentic like grandmas cooking , it is pretty darn good . BYO burritos !
63. Finally made it to Sabor and was very pleased ! Tacos al pastor were our favorite , and I was super impressed with the chorizo , which wasn 't greasy at all ! They make wonderful arepas & great guacamole . Will definately be back soon !