1. Yuck . Food was over cooked , service slow .. avoid this location ! ! ! Asked for rare steak , was like a hockey puck . Shell still on the skewered shrimp .
2. I 'll keep it real , The food sux ! The Stake was dry and chewy even when I requested medium rare . The Shrimps tasted like they fried right out of the freezer . This is my second bad experience there and wanted to give them another chance to make it up , but No More ! Waste of $ 60
3. Sad service and at the bar with only 4 others taking up bar chairs . Dropping my food on the floor of course was an accident however letting me wait nearly 20 minutes before I had to ask for another beer is ridiculous . How was my food ? She wouldn 't know because she didn 't ask . Friday 's is still going downhill .
4. No I no why all the Fridays have shut down .. Walked in at 930 pm an the kitchen was closed also was there twice in the last year , food was terrible , didn 't pay and walked out .. WTF. maybe take some pointers from Applebee 's on food quality an service . Will never ever go there again .. Shut it down
5. BEWARE SERIOUSLY THEY WILL OVERCHARGE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I warning others about this specific restaurant in Brooklyn.Look carefully at your bill . Gave me my check and wanted to quickly take my credit card . My bill was supposed to be 50 $ They were charging me 89 $ No sorry No oops They are criminals Avoid them
6. Love this place . Great food . Friendly staff . Great price ! The Italian dishes are superb . Especially the veal meatball .
7. Okay , summer is here and I 'm fat . So a salad was on the menu . The Chipotle Yucatan Chicken Salad was delicious and filling . The Chipotle crema drizzled around the salad is thick and yummy , not spicy at all . Hubby got the Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad that he loves . Our server was great . A good visit overall .
8. Great deal on the appetizers ( they were all good ) and BEST service from our waitress that I 've had anywhere in ages . Happily tipped 20 % and will return . I wish I 'd have gotten her name so I could give her recognition !
9. Barmaid was excellent while busy . If any employee can show great customer service during a rush is amazing . Thank you
10. Our server Jay was fantastic he was attentive and very detail oriented he made sure our meals were correct and came out hot . His manager Carmen runs a great ship and please visit this location if it 's for a meal on the west side of Cleveland
11. Stopped by for happy hour and our server was Alonzo who was wonderful ! ! He never missed a beat . Not only were our drinks serves promptly , but he offered us coffee , on him , before we left . Please ask for him if you stop by .
12. This place is so horrible it 's not even funny . The last time I was here was in 2015 . I got a soda from there that tasted awful still in 2018 and it seems like they still didn 't do anything about it . Our server was awesome but the restaurant itself isnt worth it .
13. Best Friday 's ever . Food and Service exceptional for a national concept . Amazing outdoor patio with privacy . Able parking . Fast Kitchen .
14. Very fast and prompt service , especially for a Saturday night . Our waitress was fair , not super friendly but not rude either . I 'd return for another visit .
15. disappointing. very slow lackluster service. ribs dry , little meat and I paid for the good Jack Daniels ones. have had the same slow waitress twice in a row . ugh. tons of screaming kids. now on my must avoid list .
16. Good bites along with a convivial atmosphere makes this a destination to meet friends and family . The appetizers came out hot and savory . The boneless wings and pretzels with beer cheese are a must . The super staff conjured up our meals quickly after we orderred . I enjoyed a crisp harvest apple chicken salad with a touch of house dressing .
17. Horrible service and horrible food , place turned super ghetto . Gross , avoid at all costs .. 6pm on a Friday evening .. what happened to the days of an hour wait .. place was dead .. now I know why ! !
18. TJI Friday 's has fast , friendly service . Food came quick and fresh to the table , very friendly staff and the food was great ! Im Definitely returning and i would highly recommend this place . Great place for lunch or dinner I really love the salads , ribs , chicken and appetizers also the drinks . Never had bad service I will be back .