1. For thin crust pizza , OMG ! ! ! ! Staff is extremely friendly , beverage selection solid It is a winner ! ! ! Been there 3 times in 2 weeks . The selection is amazing for toppings ( so many options ) , the price is great for an 11 " pizza .
2. I will most likely up my review to 5 stars when they get everything ironed out . I 've been to other Blaze locations and the process runs a lot smoother . That being said , the pizza is great ! Just what I 've come to expect from Blaze .
3. The service was amazing , they 're nice , greeting you at the door , and they go above and beyond , really making the customer feel like the priority . But the real draw are the fresh ingredients . Definitely a go-to for me .
4. Great pizza , very fresh ingredients with quick service . We went shortly after they grand opened and the staff seemed well train and with good attitudes . We also went when they were doing free pizza and the line was out the door . It was almost closing time and we were given a free pizza coupon . That definately works for us and we will be back .
5. We came for the grand opening ! It was busy ! But moved quickly . The concept is wonderful . I love it . The pizzas are big and could be split if you 're not a big eater . Prices are good too ! Will be back .
6. Service and pizza are great and we love the selection beverages . Everything amazing ! ! ! We have been here twice in 3 days- the kids begged to come back . The staff is exceptionally friendly ! Great , especially for a grand opening !
7. Love the pizzas here ! Personal favorite is the red vine . The crust is nice and chewy and not too thick . Please try !
8. Awesome ! Very good pizza . Loved the dough and the toppings were excellent . They even have feta and goat cheese available for pizza . I rarely see that in places that serve pizza . Also , I am not much for thinking crust , but there crust was awesome . Totally loved it !
9. Staff are all very friendly , enthusiastic and helpful ! And pizza was even better than I imagined ! So quick and very generous with the toppings .