1. Best damn Popeyes I 've had in awhile ! Staff was super friendly and even made it a point to ask if we wanted sauce . The chicken was fresh and moist . Seriously so freaking good , can 't wait to have it again ! !
2. 南 部 的 なフライドチキンが 楽 しめる 全 国 チェーン 。 チキンのからあげ 等 が 大 好 きな 日 本 人 にとって 、 思 う 存 分 に 楽 しめる 。 年 齢 のせいもあるが 、 コロモに 油 が 比 較 的 多 く 含 まれているので 、 ランチコンボを 二 人 で 分 ける 位 が 丁 度 良 さそう 。 従 業 員 の 方 も 親 切 の 対 応 してくれる 。
3. First time trying Popeyes ... in a hurry and decided to take the lazy way out of dinner.Good thing I was headed home anyway ... no utensils ... no dipping sauce ... Cole slaw swimming in sauce ... more like cold cabbage soup.Chicken was moist ... would try again ... but not this location .
4. I 've been to several Popeyes , this is the first one I 've visited that doesn 't carry the butterfly shrimp , which is their best menu item . What does that say about this location if they don 't support the menu . Not sure who to blame for that , Popeye 's or this franchise owner , but either way I won 't be back .
5. Terrible . Do not go to this Popeyes . If I could give it a zero I would . Shorted my chicken order , chicken was old and seemed to have been sitting around . 6 people inside this place and they can 't count . It really is un- called for . 36.00 down the drain . Never again
6. Went on sunday evening , manager does not know how to run his crew . Waited almost 30 food to be completed . Manager hides behind the rack of chicken by the drive thru window so he doesnt have to deal with the irate customers at the register . Slow very slow service
7. This place has really improved . It used to suck but lately the service is good and the food is delicious . I totally recommend it .
8. No chicken because it wasn 't defrosted the night before ? Rude people working , will not return to this location .
9. Chubby girl at window was quite possibly the rudest person ever . Not sure if they trained her on how to interact with customers but she was difficult to speak to . Didnt catch her name .