1. I 've been back since my first visit and I must say it 's a nice location . So far all the masseuses have been good the front desk is helpful and kind .
2. Massages here are usually pretty good . Nicole and Sandy are both good , Sandy for deep tissue and Nicole for wellness and trigger points .
3. Went in for a massage and was told I had to get a membership . Explained I did not live there but was told you can cancel at any time it 's not a problem . I agreed and now am told you can 't cancel within 1 YEAR and have to pay the entire $ 708 before you can cancel . Complete bait and switch . Stay clear .
4. The team here is great ! Zina , at the front desk , takes care of me as if she was my personal assistant ! So kind and pleasant while doing more than I would expect ! Great place !
5. This location is nice , the staff is friendly and I 've enjoyed my visits . They are very good about working around your schedule and accommodating to your request . It 's my favorite Massage Envy location .
6. I get a massage every month for whatever aches and pains I 've had . Since I 've been going I 've discovered that I have had far fewer aches since I 've been going regularly . The staff is great and the process is always quick and painless .
7. Massages are always great . I 've had two massages here with two different therapist , and both timea they have been wonderful . Great office , and ambiance .
8. Got mixed up on the scheduled appointment day and came in the following day thinking that was my appointment . They charged my credit card $ 95 . I was given a gift card for Christmas , I will go back and use it but dont think I will become a customer after . Too many bad reviews .
9. It may just be me that had a bad experience . Massage was rather short ( 40 minutes for a 1 hour session ) and the therapist was all over the place . Not the best experience at all.The front office did make it up by giving me an intro offer and a coupon.I would probably find another location though .
10. I just had the most AMAZING massage with Ryan . He 's a gentle giant that saved my back tonight . I highly recommend a massage from him . He 's a life saver ! ! !
11. This location is superior , in my opinion ! Was a member in Ca and not here in Ahwatukee ! Every therapist has been a positive experience .
12. Best massages ever given by Chandler . Would recommend him to anyone . His technique and professionalism is second to none .
13. Watch out when you try to cancel , any credits you have are gone in 30 days . There is a class action lawsuit going on about this . Watch your back . Scam
14. I 've probably averaged 2 massages a year at various places between AZ and CA for the last 9 years . Sarah at Massage Envy was easily the best massage I 've every had . Strongly recommend her .
15. Jeffery got all of my knots out ! Great massage. the massage table was very comfortable and they environment relaxing
16. Saw Melly for my massage on 6 / 1 . She is the best massage therapist I have ever seen . Not only a great deep tissue massage but very personable as is the front desk . An all around great experience .
17. Love the staff here . Not crazy about location due to traffic but still happy with the service . April is great at what she does
18. Polite . Accommodating . Massage was great . They negotiate the membership if you don 't like the original terms.Good customer service .