1. The barbers here do an outstanding job . I appreciate how they take their time with your hair to get all the details right . Cash only but they have an ATM in store now . There can be long waits during the peak hours .
2. Walked into this barber shop for the first time about 5 months ago and now I refuse to get my hair cut anywhere else ! I usually request for Eddy to cut my hair , but anyone you get does an amazing job !
3. First visit today and was happy with cut I got . Ronnie did good job in understanding what I wanted . Just moved to area . , fifth different barber shop I 've gone to . Haven 't been really happy with others I 've been to . Will try this place again
4. Great shop ! The barbers are the best in Arizona , in my opinion . A quiet and cozy shop that gives you more of a classic barber shop feel . This shop is getting more and more revamped all the time . I can 't wait to see how it will progress over time . Good music , good beverages , great barbers !
5. Johnny did a great job on a cut and shave . As a walk in , we got in with a brief wait .
6. Easily the best in Tempe ... And for 17 bucks , what a steal . They can do just about whatever you need .
7. Brigade Barbershop is the place to go ! The guys there are great and know what they are doing . For a truly classic cut with a great atmosphere check them out . Timmy da Barber cuts my hair almost every week and still impressed with this dudes skills . Not only do I go to get my cut but you can find me there just chillin !
8. Great haircuts , cool people and nice setting ! Makes you feel comfortable and really good with the rockabilly style cuts ! Go see TimmyDaBarber !
9. This place has a great ambiance and very professional staff . Clean , with a punk rock / Thrasher feel to it , I felt at home right away . On my first time in , Tim did a great job of taming my very thick hair into a top-notch short part cut . I will absolutely be returning .
10. Tim was my barber and he did an excellent cut ! I read all the reviews and thought why not . I 'm coming from North Phoenix and it was worth the drive . Thanks Tim , you are the man !
11. I 've been going to brigade for a few years now . Tim has always taken great care of me and we 've become friends over that time . I love going in to get my hair cut every month and every friend that I 've ever sent in their have never had a bad word to say ! I 'd recommend Brigade to anyone !
12. An updated review of 1 star , as the shop has not reached out or even acknowledged my poor experience in their shop .
13. This place is amazing . Each of the 5 barbers is always here , and you can 't go wrong with any of them . Only downside can be the wait . But that 's due to them being great at what they do ... No appts , so feel free to walk in whenever . Cash only as well- so keep that in mind .
14. I was able to try a new style here as I 'm from out of town ! I really appreciate a good haircut and found it at the Brigrade Barbershop . I wish they would move to Denver . A quick chop with guys who know how to cut .
15. Badass shop ! Owned by barbers , great prices , legit pomade .. they always take care of me when I go , FREE BEER ! Locally owned . Support your locals .
16. A bunch of solid dudes giving great cuts . Bring cash and don 't forget to pickup some merch !
17. Great shop , great barbers . If you are looking for a quick in and out , this may not be your place . If you want the get your hair cut by some solid barbers in a good atmosphere and drink a beer while waiting , this shop is for you . All of the guys do a great job and take pride in their work . MERICA !
18. The appeal is towards hipsters . Other than one guy the rest were hacks . My opinion is that it 's Just a pretentious barbershop with one good barber . Stay away from Latino wanna be in second chair from the door he is a joke !
19. First time here , fantastic job by Kip ! I 've had my fair share of professional cuts , & this was by far the best . Laid back atmosphere . A true , legit barbershop experience . Will definitely go back .
20. Great place to get a haircut , with complimentary beer . I have a designated barber , but anyone of the 4 barbers will hook you up . Remember it 's walk-in and cash only . Remember " Tipping is NOT just a city in China "
21. Great haircut in a relaxed environment.Was a bit busy so I had to wait , but can 't fault them for that.Hair cut was a bit uneven but still quality .
22. Tim squeezed me in when I screwed up the booking app . This is my new preferred barbershop . Conversation was good , place was clean , and most importantly cut was great and reasonably priced .
23. This is @ brendynthebarber . He works at Babbitts Barber Shop on the NW corner of Southern and Mill , and you need to let him cut your hair . He 's great at what he does . No need to make an appointment just walk right in . This has become my new place to get a sweet fade .
24. I 've been going to Tim for a few years now . Every cut by every barber at Brigade has been terrific .
25. BEST BARBER SHOP IN TOWN ! ! Eddie always takes good care of me , and all the guys are chill af . Great atmosphere always clean , good music , and cold drinks !
26. They are the best barber shop in the valley for side parts , pomps , slicks , etc . These guys get it .
27. Great cuts happen here . Eddy from electric heaven is here now . That makes all the difference . He always gives a quality cut and takes his time to make sure it 's right .
28. Finally I found a place that actually knows how to cut a man 's hair . Tim was 5 stars from service , to our conversation and ultimately the main reason of going to a barber . This is my spot till if I ever move out of the states .
29. The shop is a nice welcoming atmosphere and a great place for a haircut . With appointments it makes the wait not so long ( not that I minded waiting before . ) I have been going to Brendyn since he started cutting hair at IBC and would recommend him to anyone .
30. Been going to Brandon for 3 years now . I 've never come across a group of barbers that are at the same level as these guys . You 'll never be disappointed ! !
31. Don 't bother looking for a better shop because you just found the best in town . Every single one of these guys are outstanding barbers . My 9 year old son gets his hair cut here as well and they pay the same meticulous attention to his cut as they do mine . Don 't forget to bring cash , these gentleman only accept the green .
32. Great service . Had no appointment , and was able to get in and out fast . Ronnie 's great
33. Top notch barber shop , they keep me looking sharp . Quality and great customer service , I recommend this shop to all my friends !
34. Every man needs a good barber . I 've spent 20 years looking for one . This is the place ! I will not be going to any body else . They can stack my hair like a pro . Music Rocks ! Atmosphere Rocks !
35. Tim has been doing an amazing job with my man 's hair for well over a year . ( Even before opening Brigade ) This is seriously the best barber shop in town .
36. great barbershop to get a cut , really laid back place. the barbers are very chill and all of em know what they 're doin. highly recommend it ! Aaron did a great job
37. Best barbers in AZ in my opinion ! I have been going to @ kippthebarber for a few years now and have never been disappointed . Check this shop out if in need of a classic haircut .
38. My haircut was fast and on point . I did have to wait for a while when I got there but that 's part of the experience of going to a barber shop . I would def go back . And if you are in the mood they have beer available .
39. Tim ( the barber in front ) has been cutting my hair for years . I have also had cuts from the other guys . Always great service , great classic cuts , and great products . Beer while you wait .
40. Johny was professional and quick . He did an amazing job in less than 10 mins ( I have a short thin / balding hair ) . Will definitely go back here and highly recommend him .
41. Worst haircut ever . Seriously came home and buzzed my head after ... ambience is cool but have had 2 bad haircuts back to back here . Bummer .
42. I have been going to Tim for 6 months now . He 's a top quality barber and I know he delivers a solid cut every single time ! The rest of the barbers in this shop are top quality barbers as well ! I highly recommend this place and remember to bring cash and don 't forget to drop a good tip !
43. Trendy Barber shop with cool atmosphere and nice barbers . Hair cut was really good but not done with same attention to detail I 've had from other barbers .
44. Huge fan of the guys at Brigade ; so glad to see them on their own and killin ' it . You can 't go wrong with any of the barbers in this joint ...
45. Timmah does an awesome job ! Turned me into a Julian Edelman look-alike ! Very cool place , awesome atmosphere , and great peoples . You won 't ever go to another place !
46. The haircut was good and they were easy to talk to , it took about 25 minutes for the whole cut ( it wasn 't a very hard one ) . It was was worth it for its price , I paid $ 20
47. Been getting my hair cut by Eddie for a year or so now since he was at Electric Haven ... Glad I was able to follow him to Brigade . Definitely has that more independent casual attitude more so over here Could see myself relaxing and talking man stuff Classic men 's style and hot shaves What more do you need
48. Great place , I recommend you schedule a time ahead of time . Use their website . I 've had 3 of the barbers and they 're all great .
49. I 've been going to this barbershop since it 's inception and I always leave satisfied and looking fresh . I 've had a haircut from every barber and the result is the same , 5 star haircut . Will continue to be my place for hair cuts even after moving out east .
50. After having a terrible experience at electric haven a couple months ago I decided to give brigade a shot . This place is super rad and everybody in there is really nice . I got a awesome haircut for a good price and I couldn 't be more happier .
51. Had a rad experience , went in for a straight razor shave and trim of my beard . Expectations beyond exceeded .
52. I can see why this place has such high reviews . The place is very unique and friendly . I think Tim was the one that cut my hair and il he took his time and stuck a conversation the whole time he was cutting my hair . Just remember if you stop here they only take cash
53. In town for work and was looking for a barbershop that was local for a quick cut . Aaron was awesome . Perfect low fade , and a great beard trim . Shop was super clean and it was easy to book a time online . Highly recommend this barbershop , thanks again !
54. Every time I come in I get a humble feeling from all of barbers . Everyone there is genuine and won 't let you leave until you are 100 % ecstatic with your haircut . Most certainly recommend anyone who 's into the old greaser haircuts or even modern haircuts to give it a shot . You even get a beer complementary with your haircut .