1. Great selection of games , pretty good food , lots of pool / ping pong tables and a laser shooting gallery ! Honestly , this place has pretty much everything . Whether you just want to visit for a quick game or spend the whole night , they 've got you covered .
2. The service is slow and the machine to load the games card is pretty ineffective . I wouldn 't call it a sports bar seeing as they don 't have access to all the sports channels . It 's a decent place to play pool and arcades while having a beer .
3. Arcade est vraiment hot , ils y a tous les bon jeux arcade 2017 . Bon spot pour voir une game du ch avec les fantôme encore présent , ps manque un peu ambiance . Bowling et pool pas trop cher . 6.5 / 10
4. The management here is complete absent making the service absolutely horrendous . Expect to be ignored so long that you change your mind and leave .
5. Wanted to bowl and have some beers on a raining vacation day . Perfect spot to do both ! ! The place is a little dated but the employees are very helpful and friendly ! The bathrooms are clean which is very important when downing beers . Overall , great atmosphere and a good time ! ! !
6. Chaque fois que je passe devant je m 'apercois que il n 'y a jamais pas bcp de monde à l 'interieur de cette grande salle de jeu et restaurant bar .... et finalement je me decide alller pour essayer les banquettes rouges avec qqs amis : ils n 'ont pas de café le soir ... On a bu du thé à la place et prit un dessert .
7. Used to be a fun place but now half of the games don 't work : ( I wouldn 't eat there I never have but drinks are fine if you 're waiting to go see a movie .
8. Its a great spot to hang out . The Drinks were really good and the bartenders are very nice . The games were fun . It 's similar to a smaller Dave and busters . This night was not packed at all ... practically empty , which was perfect for us ... But I could imagine it not being so pleasant when there is a large crowd .
9. Extremely boring . Most of the staff are zombies . But , other than that it 's a great spot . Oh mon dieu .