1. They did a great job on my Audi Q7 passenger door that was damaged . They delivered the car as scheduled and are very professional . Highly recommend .
2. This is the best experience I have had with a repair shop . Excellent customer service . The guys are easy to work with and very genuine ! They fixed my car quickly and gave me the most reasonable price out of all the shops I looked at . This will definitely be my repair shop of choice as long as I am in Charlotte ! Strongly recommend
3. These guys are terrific ! ! ! ! Visiting from PA , had a fender bender and they helped me tremendously . Professional , excellent customer service , great sense of urgency.I recommend them highly ! ! !
4. Joel and his team at Carsmetics made my experience the most peaceful , honorable , stress free car repair experience of my life . They truly go the extra mile to provide exceptional customer service . Their work is solid , their estimates are thorough and unbeatable , and you can trust that they are doing business with integrity and honor .
5. I brought my own front bumper to get painted and put on here and it was great . The guys up front were cool and the paint looks exactly like the rest of my car . They even went to Subaru to get a part for me and shined my headlights for me . Very happy with the work . Before and after pictures posted .
6. We needed some bumper and quarter panel repairs on our 5-series and the guys did an excellent job . They were reasonable , professional , and delivered quality work on schedule . I would definitely bring my business back ; I just hope I never have a need to ... : - )
7. Honest people with great customer service - can 't beat that . Got the job done when promised and vehicle repair turned out awesome ! Prices are very reasonable
8. Joel Boyce was the best . He was patient , thorough , honest , and went above and beyond . His customer service really is beyond compare , and I cannot recommend him and Carsmetics enough .
9. These guys are great ! They made the process so easy and I 'm blown away by the results of their work . I couldn 't be happier with everything and they stand behind their work . What more could you ask for !