1. There 's a reason Butters & Snooze have long waits & this place does not . The food is just fine , but not long-wait-worthy . Also , it seems odd that they don 't offer any gluten-free pancake or bread options since they 're all about offering local , organic ( healthy ) food .
2. Food was amazing . I had the chickenchanga with a kale tonic . So delicious . Many healthy options for those looking to eat this way . Loved every thing about First Watch .
3. This place is shot out , pretty sure our server hadn 't slept in about 2 days . Food was pretty good but the used syringe outside in the parking lot and the tin foil in the bathroom just killed it for me .
4. The breakfast tacos rock ! Served with seasoned black beans , they are the perfect cure for a Mexican breakfast craving . Plus , if you ask , you get a complimentary iced tea to go ( if you ordered tea with your meal ) . Service is always spot on .
5. The hash was almost all flavorless potatoes . The skillet was almost all flavorless potatoes and rubbery sun dried tomatoes . So of you want a plate of more than 3 / 4 flavorless potatoes and money to throw away on flavorless food - this is the place for you .
6. Love this place . Love the power quinoa breakfast bowl . Awsome service by staff . Only wished the kept a veteran discount they had in the past .
7. Best coffee , great breakfast . A little pricey for what you get . Hostesses are a hit or miss - either nice or rude . Waiters are usually attentive .
8. Food was as expected . Younger blonde female server was very attentive but not overly friendly . Perfect blend in the food industry . Come for a good breakfast with a great atmosphere and phenomenal service . Really can 't rate this place any higher solely based on their level of attentiveness and sincerity .
9. Fantastic ! ! This used to be The Good Egg , but new ownership made this space look so much more modern & beautiful , and the food is better than ever ! Great breakfast place ! !
10. Stopped in for a quick breakfast with my mom when she touched down from out of town . We randomly googled breakfast as we were driving around Scottsdale and this popped up with good reviews ... no disappointment and great priced with quality food !
11. I am so happy there is a first watch closer to my house . I love there pecan salad . The service is fast , courteous and drinks stay filled . The food tastes good if I eat in or take it to go .
12. Excellent healthy choices ! Finally healthy food ! ! ! ! ! ! Healthy fresh veggie , fruit drinks . Could order all day
13. Incredibly fresh food . The bread and strawberry jam are to die for . Highly recommend the Hash .... potatoes & eggs cooked to perfection ! Friendly service and a Cool vibe .
14. This was my second visit after the name change . Breakfast was perfectly prepared and promptly served . I had an off menu order ... A couple scrambled eggs and crispy bacon . My iced tea was kept full as expected . I 'm so glad I have a place for breakfast everyday ! I can 't wait to try something else : - )
15. Decent breakfast food . Good service . However , food and service are standard , nothing unique or exceptional . Just good food
16. My first time visiting First Watch , nice cozy place . Service was pretty good . Food was very good , especially the potatos , out of this world .
17. Excellent food , great service , beautiful environment . Had the inspired Italian omelette and it was very tasty ... Not so sure that OJ is actually 100 % fresh squeezed but tasted good nonetheless . Reasonable prices .
18. I had the trifecta it was delicious ... I added a banana granola crunch pancake mmmm good ! Try the day glow for an energizing drink . Treat yourself to the chicken salad melt , you will not be disappointed .