1. This is an alright burger joint ; good for a quick burger and fries in a bar atmosphere . There is also an alright selection of beer . Overall , I would say that this is an above average lunch option if you want a quick cheeseburger .
2. Burger was great and the wait time was pretty sure even during busy hours . The staff was quick to get my order and greet me . Everyone was super friendly
3. Great place to watch football and hockey games . There are large TVs all around and the atmosphere is lively especially when school is in session . Very good happy hour and daily specials , although it is disappointing that the veggie burger isn 't included in the half off burger night . The milkshakes are amazing , would love to see a dairy-free one in the future .
4. Long drive to Pittsburgh . Night before a concert . Found this place . Great food , staff and beers !
5. Awesome burger at half off in Tuesday night . Friendly staff but be prepared to wait a bit as it 's packed most of the times . Wide choice of toppings and sauce .
6. Best food I have tasted in a long time . My favorite is the veggie burger . Also very friendly waitresses . It is also a good place to go out to eat with family .
7. Not bad , nothing special though . Tries to be Burgatory and isn 't up to par . Burger was good , not great . Five Guys still rules as the best burger joint in Oakland .
8. Very decent burgs and shakes for reasonable prices , plus friendly service ! Foodwise I think Burgatory is still better , but if you 're in this area instead and looking for similar grub this is a solid choice .
9. Joke place ! Made wrong item and blamed us for ordering wrong ! Only thing it 's good for is 50 % off on Tuesdays . Burgers not even as good as shake shack , in n out , or super duper .
10. Just average . Not planning on any trips back to this place anytime soon especially on a Pitt Basketball game night .
11. Not sure what the big deal is with this place . I got a veggie burger with the fixings and sweet potato fries . The sweet potato fries were pretty good , and really the star of the meal . I 'll pass on the burger .
12. Really nice customized burgers ! Additionally , the milk shakes are pretty good , with crushed Graham crackers in them . The pricing is very reasonable , so I would recommend !
13. This place was awesome ! ! Great staff , great environment , good specials ! Burgers where to die for ! Highly recommended ! ! !
14. Food is excellent , love the build your burger set up . Pleasant atmosphere and great service . Recommended AF .
15. Love this place ! Great atmosphere , friendly staff , really good food . Great location for drinks as well ! The make-your-own burgers are awesome , but I really love the quesadillas . Highly recommend going when the weather is nice because they open up the garage doors .
16. Delicious food , friendly service , and a great selection of beers . I used to go to the shadyside location , but I really like this new location . The decor is modern and appealing , and it makes for a nice atmosphere when they open the garage door-style windows during nice weather . It 's an awesome new option for good food in Oakland .
17. Build your own burger is the most ideal burger dining situation , especially for a vegetarian eating with meat lovers . The pic is a friend visiting from FL and his build-a-burger . ( He conquered it . )
18. Here in town for a visit to Pitt . Place came recommended . Decent burgers , reasonably priced . A variety of draft beers and my son enjoyed his milkshake .
19. Texas Toast with peanut butter is great ! ! ! ! Of course with steak ! Hahahha so happy here . Lots of people and great location
20. Great place to hang out at night if you 're looking for something low key and on the quiet side .
21. The burger was delicious ! But ... They messed up my order slightly and the restaurant was super cold . I would still recommend it but just make sure to clearly state what you want on your burger and dress warm : )
22. Stack 'd is a pretty good place for food and drinks after work . Parking can be very difficult to find , but that 's what you expect of Pitt 's campus . I think their onion rings were the best food I 've tried there so far .
23. My daughter took the college tour at Pitt . We asked the girl who worked in admissions where to eat that wasn 't a chain , good and casual . She suggested StacK 'd Burgers . It was the perfect choice . We really enjoyed our pick your topping burgers ... my daughter picked mac and cheese to top hers ! Good burger , glad we went .
24. Meh .. I guess it 's just another mediocre burger place in Pittsburgh . Would probably give it a three star if I didn 't get the terrible stomachache from their shakes .
25. This place is amazing ! Came in and got the fried ravioli as an appetizer , and it was beyond amazing . Got the chicken fingers with normal French fries and they were also delicious . Overall amazing meal ! The service was also great . Our waitress was really nice and overall amazing . Would 100 % come back !
26. I think the best thing this place has going for it is their beer selection.I 've never been wow 'ed by any of the food here . Everything is fairly average . They do have decent evening specials to draw in college students on a budget . There are definitely better bars and better places to eat in Oakland ( insert Fuel and Fuddle here )
27. The service was quick and efficient ! Our waitress was very pleasant and helpful . The burger was very juicy and tasty . I would highly recommend the pierogies as an appetizer !
28. These burgers are awesome ! One of the Best burgers I 've had . You build your own with a huge list of items to chose from .Service was great , restaurant was alive . Prices are great , would highly recommend this place .
29. Michelle was awesome . Seriously best bartender I 've ever had . She made our night for my sisters 21st birthday . Drinks were good and atmosphere was right . Definitely will come back .
30. This restaurant always gives excellent service , even when it 's very busy . They always get my order right and the quality of the food is really good . They have gluten free bun options and they 're actually good buns . 10 / 10 would recommend ! !
31. It 's an average burger joint on a college campus . There isn 't a huge variety in food selection , but they have a bar with friendly service and a solid amount of TVs if you 're into whatever game is on .
32. Love it . Had a chicken sandwhich with ghost pepper cheese . Amazing . Pretzel bun was good too . Stayed for trivia . Had a blast . Staff was attentive and very friendly . 9 / 10 will go back .
33. Unless you like your burger practically burnt don 't bother . How does a burger place not let you pick how you want your burger cooked ? ! The appetizers are good ( fried mac n cheese ! ) so go during happy hour for half off . Service sucks . However I say skip the burger , totally not worth it .
34. The is one of the few restaurants where I 've never had a bad experience . The burgers are always delicious and properly prepared . I 'd highly recommend this place if your in the need of a tasty cheeseburger !
35. Ordered takeout online and when I went to pick it up all the lights were shut off and doors were locked ! They werent supposed to close for another hour !
36. One of the coolest Build your own burger places I 've visited ... The choice is extensive and you can actually really customise your burger to you 're liking.So it 's customised to your taste buds be it spicy or sweet sauce and also the cheese , bread and the patty .. I really liked it and you should definitely visit it if you like burgers ! !