1. I wanted to personally thank Dr. Daitch for handling my case in such an outstanding manner . All the urinary issues that I had lived with for so many years were completely resolved - 100 % with the TURP procedure he performed . So , thank you , Dr Daitch .
2. Office staff is deplorable . Scheduler was on phone talking about her work schedule and kids ; kept me waiting then I was an inconvenient interruption to her call . Will be finding another physician with competent staff
3. Dr Woodruff is wonderful but do not expect much-in fact , expect very little-from the staff . It took 2 weeks and multiple phone calls to finally receive test results . One is definitely made to feel like little more than a number with this office .
4. Unable to get through to Dr. Daitch when he 's needed . He doesn 't care about his patients and neither does his staff . If you plan on being seen here make sure you have a quality medical malpractice lawyer on hand because you will need it .
5. Az urologist wants their patience to sign a promise if they are late for an appointment they will pay $ 100.00 for being late . So if the Dr 's are late for your appointment do you get a $ 100.00 NO ! There are other urologist in the area that are more professional .
6. Dr. Bootwala was the best , I can 't thank her enough for all she did for me from start to finish ..... Which included surgery
7. I have never seen a level of incompetence as I have with this office . They drop the ball each and every time . I was referred by my primary care physician . After having dealt with them a few times , I started asking around about them . Evidently , 2 of my friends had similar experiences.Do yourself a favor . Find another group .
8. I would highly recommend Dr. Scott Cheney . He is one of the most compassionate doctors I have ever met . My husband had prostate cancer and surgery and almost two years later is doing fine . The follow up care was really great . I also have been a patient here as well and have done very well . Dr. Cheney really cares about all his patients .
9. Dr. Daitch was very pleasant to work with . I would recommend them especially if you have state insurance like myself .