Product ID: B0000CF5JJ

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, the reviews for this product are positive, with many people finding it to be a useful kitchen tool. Some people noted that it is well-made and durable, while others found that it is a good size for small jobs. However, some reviewers were disappointed with the quality of the product, finding it to be dirty or made of lower-quality materials than expected.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The Amazon reviewers thought that the product was a good kitchen spatula, especially for the price. They liked that it was dishwasher safe and didn't stain easily. Some reviewers found the size to be smaller than expected, but others thought it was a good size for home use. The handle was a bit of a mixed bag, with some reviewers wishing it was longer and others liking the size. The blade was also praised for being firm and knife-like. The majority of reviewers thought the product was well-made, efficient, and reasonably priced.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Goes through the dishwasher like a charm .
I must have 20 spatulas / scrapers of different materials , strength , sizes .
The blade is very short , stiff and very much like a knife with little flex .
I searched everywhere to find a kitchen spatula that was NOT the new stiff silicone kind , the ones that are absolutely useless when scraping a bowl .
The sizing is perfect for home use and the smaller size containers at home that the full size spatula don ' t fit into.Would buy again .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviewers generally liked the product, saying that it was good for its intended purpose and was of good quality. Some reviewers noted that the handle was shorter than they would have liked, but that it was still a good product.

****** Reviews ******
1. I searched everywhere to find a kitchen spatula that was NOT the new stiff silicone kind , the ones that are absolutely useless when scraping a bowl . But - after much searching and phone calls - the Vermont Country Store actually called me back and said that while they were not in their catalogs , they did have them in stock . They are the best !
2. Goes through the dishwasher like a charm . Remains without stains despite use with annatto , turmeric , etc . Smaller than I expected but handy .
3. I must have 20 spatulas / scrapers of different materials , strength , sizes . This is a good sturdy one , it 's good for getting ingredients out of jars . It is not useful for cooking with heat . More just for spreading , etc .
4. These are a great value and an excellent product . I have worked in professional kitchens all my life and these measure up to any task . The sizing is perfect for home use and the smaller size containers at home that the full size spatula don 't fit into.Would buy again .
5. I was looking for something with a small end for those hard to reach areas with my icing . I don 't care for the handle , I wish it was a little longer . The end was a little larger then I had thought ... I still need to go a size or two smaller .
6. I like the way the head is attached to the handle so there is no crack where crude can accumulate in the seam . The blade is very short , stiff and very much like a knife with little flex . Its a good spatula as was mentioned for cakes and scraping the sides of bowls . At a 9 1 / 2 " handle it is shortish .
7. Perfect for getting last bit of peanut butter out of jar ! I bought this to replace one I have had for many years . Good size blade which is firm enough to do good scraping job .
8. You can 't find good scrapers like this in the stores anymore . Good for getting the last of the mayo out of the jar . Also good for frosting a cake .
9. I purchased this to get the dog food from the can . It works perfectly and priced great . Delivery was spot on and packaged well . Happy with the product .
10. Rubbermaid is the best in spatulas . This one is perfect for small jar openings . Made of rubber so it bends just in the right spots ... so much more superior in quality then the rinky dink plastic spatulas from other makers .
11. Good size , dishwasher safe . Only problem is it hold food stains like tomato sauce . A little stiff but still works well enough .
12. Hard to find this quality . It gets a 4 star because not as good as thry used to be . Still the best out there .
13. Pay careful attention to the length of these . They are not your usual spatula length . I should have looked at a ruler to see how long 9.5 inches was . They are very well made--commercial grade . Just wish they were longer . It 's hard to find those anymore and I prefer them over the ones with large heads .
14. I got a Vitamix blender and have started to make smoothies each morning , and these spatulas are perfect for getting everything out of a blender ! Just what I wanted . The head of one did discolor after I used it on a tomato sauce , but personally I don 't care about that .
15. The product info talks about the " sanitary seamless construction " , but the handle is plastic , the scraper is rubber , and there is a seam .
16. After reading many positive reviews , I ordered two Rubbermaid scrapers in different sizes . I found that they were actually more difficult to use than the silicone scrapers I already have . Both scrapers are in the donation box for our local thrift shop .
17. Guess it was my fault , since the item came quickly and was exactly as described . Still I wanted a very narrow rubber spatula that can scrape out small , but tall , jelly jars , etc .
18. Great little spatulas ! Excellent quality . I am replacing my 9.5 " spatulas of the same brand , that I have had for about 10 years .
19. This just what I 've been looking for ! The older Rubbermaid items are easier to use that the new plastic spatulas .
20. I couldn 't find Rubbermaid spatulas in any store for years ! I was so happy to find them here . No other spatula comapares to Rubbermaid brand .
21. this is a good scraper , one piece construction means you don 't leave the scraper part in the jar . I have ordered more
22. Very nice scraper-icing blade . Useful as a rubber spatula . Sturdy . Cleans easily . Made of durable plastic with rubber spatula . Handy item to have in your kitchen .
23. It arrived very dirty but it washed off . I chose this because I wanted a small spatula to get into small containers and I wanted the handle and the scraper to be one to avoid dirt getting in between them . This works ok but is a bit thick for a small spatula . Also dirt can get into the grooves in the handle .
24. Dishwasher proof . Many of these scrapers turn hard when our in the top shelf of the dishwasher . Not this one . Still as flexible as the day I received the Scrapper . I use it for almost empty jars .
25. Love this one-piece spatula for cake and pastry decorating and bowl cleaning . Remember : these particular spatulas are not heat resistant , like the red handled Rubbermaid spatulas . I have both , and love them both !
26. Exactly what I needed , this is narrow enough to fit into a jar to get out those last few spoonfuls of product .
27. Item had to be scrubbed for a long time to remove smudges and a black streak , not to mention the barcode label that wouldn 't come off .
28. My sister was complaining about kitchen utensils , so I purchased this needless to say she loves it . No more scraping with knives ! ! .
29. I like the small scraper to use in smaller cans and jars to get all contents out as the big scraper will not go inside . I bought this one to replace my old worn out small scraper .
30. This is a great scraper as far as blades go , not too firm and not too flexible . But the handle is really short . There 's only an inch or so from my fingertips to the blade when I hold it . I prefer a longer handle that keeps what I 'm stirring or scraping well away from my hand .
31. as far as I am concerned , Rubbermaid spatulas like this one are the only ones worth buying . They are just soft enough and sturdy enough to get the last little bit out
32. As a senior citizen dreaming of the old days , I purchased this spatula thinking it would be like the rubber maid spatulas of old . Alas it is made of rubber which works perfectly for baking but don 't use this spatula anywhere near a frypan . The item itself is of very high quality and works perfectly while in the baking mode .
33. I really like the one piece design . My only complaint is that I thought it was a silicon heat resistant blade , so it 's a little melted on the end but still works wonderful , I will buy another one !
34. As the other reviewers noted , these spatulas ( I got a icing blade and regular width ) are much more flexible than anything else I can find these days .
35. Product is fine but it arrived absolutely filthy ( it 's white ) ! Dishwasher didn 't even clean it . Had to really SCRUB it to get it clean . Wonder where it was being kept .
36. I had to replace previous scrapers that someone in my household had damaged . I use these in all my baking and preparing food for cooking . Just the right size .
37. No mess & no fuss .... I use it in the kitchen for mayonnaise , mustard , etc. and don 't have to worry about it getting under the head of the spatula like the old ones .
38. I wanted new spatula 's and these commercial grade ones are perfect . It 's all one molded piece so no worries with the head falling off . It does what I need it to do . Hopefully they will last a long time .
39. This is well made , very sturdy and strong handle . Perfect for scraping that last bit of mayo or dressing out of the jar.Very happy with this product .
40. Great for mixing . It is also a great scraper for that last little bit in the bowl . Now I can mix , scrape or pour , with having to wash every time , now I just wash with what ever bowl I have scraped from .
41. I could never get the sides clean in jars of food , but this scraper is perfect for the job . I use it all the time - I don 't know how I got along without it for all these years .
42. I was excited to receive this item , but it wasn 't the quality I expected from Rubbermaid ... not enough to send it back though .
43. Since Rubbermaid spatulas have seemingly disappeared off the face of the planet , I was THRILLED to find this one ! It works great !
44. Just like my Grandma 's spatulas . If you 're used to silicone , the spatulas in this line are much more rigid -- but the handle is nice and long . You can 't beat it for scraping out larger mixing bowls and pots .
45. A nice one piece sturdy narrow spatula with a nice flexible head . Just what I was looking for and at a great price .
46. I bought this to get whatever was left in jars and cans when cooking . Does the job right , machine washable and good price .
47. This is a good sturdy spatula , but it 's a little small . It works good for small jobs , but I usually need a bigger one .
48. Exactly what I was looking for ... sturdily made , and completely sealed so liquids can 't leak in between the head and the handle .
49. These arrived dirty in the package and were not the same shape or style as pictured . They were more stalky and thick . I returned these immediately . I had also purchased the OXO Good Grips Silicone Jar Spatula in the same order and was VERY pleased with that one .
50. This is the best scraper ever . I wish I had 2 or 3 of them - I 'll put it back on my wish list for next Christmas : )
51. This arrived in my box looking like it 'd been dug out of a kitchen from an episode of Hoarders . It 's unbelievably dirty . Covered in hair , fuzz , etc . Gross . And too inexpensive to bother getting a refund / exchange . Don 't buy .
52. Great spatula . Use it for reaching deep into my old Vita Mix to get all the smoothie out ; don 't want to waste a drop .
53. These spatulas are quite useful for scraping jars . Will stand considerably hot water though not supposed to be heat resistant . Sturdy , mine have lasted years of professional baking use .
54. Best scraper we have ever used . It removes every last drop in any container . Loved it so much I ordered another one for my son and daughter-in-law . They love it too .