Product ID: B001KHCESS

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews say that the cable is a good quality product that is affordable and works well. There are some complaints about the connectors being of poor quality, but overall the reviews are positive.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The product is generally of good quality, is affordable, and works well. There have been complaints about the cable, including it shorting out electronics, but mostly the reviews are positive.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
love the length , this is a great cable , not cheaply made , sturdy , and just right for what I needed .
I ' m using this cable to connect my laptop to a 42 " plasma tv that is like 20 - 25 feet away .
Needed an inexpensive HDMI cable for my laptop .
Used for a second TV in my Basement Perfect Length for me .
are priced close to $ 100 .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people finding that the product was well-made, a good length, and a good value. There were a few people who had problems with the cable shorting out their electronics, however.

****** Reviews ******
1. I ' m using this cable to connect my laptop to a 42 " plasma tv that is like 20-25 feet away . Its been working just fine with a stable connection .
2. its an hdmi cable , plugged it in and it worked , no big deal so yes I guess I was happy
3. This thing was okay for a while . Then it shorted my graphics card and TV both are broken now . There goes $ 600 .
4. Needed an inexpensive HDMI cable for my laptop . This was cost-effective and was just the right length I needed . No complaints whatsoever !
5. I bought this cable 1 year ago , mainly because of the low price . Once hooked up to my TV it worked PERFECT until the metal casing came off and was stuck in the HDMI port . So yes , its priced well ... but just remember you get what you pay for !
6. I 've had no problems with this cable going from my computer to my TV . Great for setting up a movie then turning around and watching it on my tv .
7. Should have done this a long time ago . 30ft HDMI cable ran behind the couch to hook my laptop or PS3 to my big screen.Don 't over think it and don 't overpay for it , it really is this simple !
8. Used for a second TV in my Basement Perfect Length for me . Be Sure to Measure you might need a 50 ft Cable .
9. The price is outstanding . The is the same quality as the cables that. are priced close to $ 100 . I took a chance and the quality is great for the XBOX One .
10. used this cable to connect my hdtv and directv . Picture quality is awesome and the connectors are well made . I highly recommend this cable .
11. My daughter signed up for net flix , and I wanted to view it on our 42 " Samson TV ( its not hooked up to the phone line ) so i ordered a 30 foot HDMI cable which works just fine , next I want to order a optic cable for sound then we can rock and roll.Thanks Amazon for a great product .
12. love the length , this is a great cable , not cheaply made , sturdy , and just right for what I needed. now I don 't have all of my wires and junk out in the open , but tucked away in a closet that is easily accessed but not visible .
13. works well , but the first one had an end brake off within days of having it - got another one , it works just like i need it to ...
14. The cable itself is nice quality , however the connectors are crap . After 2 days of use on the film set , the connector developed a short inside the connector and no longer makes a connection . I 'd go with a different brand .
15. I was a little concerned that being this cable cost 1 / 4 the price of similar cables that the quality would be bad , but I cannot tell any difference . I would recommend this product for sure . There is no need to pay $ 100 for the same cable when this one will work exactly the same .
16. I use it to connect my laptop to TV , so I can watch online movies on bigger screen . It works good
17. Amazing performance . This is best for its price . I have looked in to stores and the price is so high which made me think for a minutes when I show this here but after reading few reviews I ordered it . The product is great and you will love it ! I am watching blue ray movies in my home theater now ! !
18. transmission of video signal is great through this product . Does not sacrifice the quailty for the distance the cable needed to be run .
19. For the price this cable is great . To be honest i can 't tell the difference between the picture quality using this versus the more expensive brand connected to my living room tv .
20. Bought four.3 of the 4 work w / my Xbox 1 . Not a bad product tho . Can 't beat the price .
21. I tried this cable on a couple of different setups and the quality of the video / audio was very poor and the image / sound would fade in / out every few minutes .
22. bought 2. first one : gold plug pull off during first unplugging.2nd one : would lose signal or not connect , replaced with better cable , problem resolved.Don 't waste your time .
23. Did the job , good signal even at 30 feet and a great price . I would recommend this product if you need extended wire ,
24. I don 't know enough about HDMI cables to compare the nuances . However , I 've found that this is easily the cheapest and best value for an HDMI of this length at the time of purchase . Do not over pay for HDMI cable !
25. I bought three of these and used them to connect a computer to a large TV in our conference rooms . The connector behind the computer on one of them got a little bend and stopped working . I had to buy an other one to replace it .
26. Exactly what i was ordered.It was affordable with great quality and durable construction.It cost less then other products of lesser quality .
27. Easy fix for too short a cable . Sure fxed my problem of looking for couplings and other connections to come up with 30 feet .
28. The product is as advertised . That 's all I can ask for , for an HDMI cable . The shipping was prompt and the wire seems to be of high quality .
29. HDMI cord works great , hand shakes with no problem , passes 1080p with no problem . Cord is thick and hardy , and I like pancakes .
30. It 's a good quality cable for a low price . No complaints . I use it to connect my office computer to my living room TV to play Steam . Recommended !
31. It works for what I wanted to use it for . I recomend it . The price is good for my budget .
32. I use this cable to connect my PC to my projector that is about 25 feet away . Great signal no quality loss . Would purchase another one of these if I needed another .
33. I really like it . It is just like it said and I got it so I can connect my hd computer to my hd tv .
34. Needed a way to swap HDMI channels and the projector only had 1 HDMI so with this cable was able to run from back of room to the front where I had my Kinivo 501BN .
35. Pros : It 's longIt 's strongIt gets alongCons : It wasn 't long enough but that 's obviously due to my stupid measuring . Great cable though !
36. Works Great . I have it connecting my PC and TV and now I 'm watching movies or streaming video is on a 32 " screen with surround sound . Love it .
37. Bought cable to hook laptop to TV from across the room so i could do homework and split screen netflix on HD TV . Does the job , , looks good . Haven 't tried with blu ray player yet .
38. while other HDMI cable work fine , this one stutters from PC to TV ... Horrible do not buy this cable spend you money somewheres else .
39. The cabled worked well for the first few months , then it suddenly started showing static ( noticable only on blacks ) and eventually started cutting out , gradually getting more frequent . It was tolerable when it happened once or twice an hour , but now it happens every 2-5 seconds.I regret ignoring the low ratings warning me of this .
40. I was extremely pleased with this purchase because the cable proved to be very durable , and it has excellent connectivity with the television and gaming console .
41. This cable is 25ft and provides my TV with true 1080p video and audio with room to spare . Its long enough too .
42. The cable was delivered quickly and has worked as it should , good quality and good price . The TV does not seem to have any quality problem due to the long length of cable .
43. Bought this for connecting a Panasonic 47lf20 pro LCD display from a laptop for presentations . Unfortunately this cable would not lock at 1080p , most of the times not giving signal at all . If connected to my 720p projector all worked well.Apparently one has to look for 24AWG or thicker for long cables in order to have a secure and fail proof signal .
44. I bought this cable to connect my PC which is in my bedroom to the living room 's TV and had no problem at all ... The picture was crisp , sound was great ... I was sending 1080p and had no degradation at all ...
45. And they saved me big BUCKS ! Awesome product , Blue-rays look fantastic , audio is perfectScrew Best Buy and the rest of them . Get your HDMIs here
46. Useless . Tried it 15 different ways and it just doesn 't work . If the return process were worth it , I 'd have gotten my money back .
47. HDMI cable performs as any other HDMI cable . I am using two of these with an HDMI switch going to my projector and the picture is fantastic ! Excellent product for an excellent price .
48. This cable worked well to deliver the HDMI video image to my Samsung HDTV . Picture quality fine . Not sure if it was the cable or my video graphics card , NVidea , but the audio was not transferred . I think I am now going to purchase a VGA / PCaudio wire combination . I need to go 30 feet so hope this will work .
49. This cord is amazing . I was expecting some shoddy product just based on the price , but it works great ! no complaints at all , and with it 's price , this is a must buy .
50. I was very excited receiving this HDMI cable . However , after hooking it up , I discovered that the cable was defective . The cable was returned and my money was returned . It is to bad that quality control is not present !
51. The cable is extremely high quality . Gold tipped connectors , great signal despite length , and the cable itself is extremely flexible and can be ran anywhere.great product , buy it !
52. VERY DISAPPOINTED ! ! When I got this , it appeared to be great , however , after hooking it up , we found that it didn 't even work ! Lesson learned .... if an HDMI cable is this cheap .... chances are it doesn 't work even if it says it 's new ! !
53. Great cable , signal great . Can link desktop to PC and watch great quality graphics from the other side of the room .
54. This 30 ' HDMI cable connects the video output of my PC to our large screen TV . After reading independent discussions and tests of expensive vs. inexpensive cables for digitial applications , it was obvious that there is no reason to spend ten times as much in order to transmit 1 's and 0 's . This cable works perfectly , in theory and in practice .
55. This cable looks great but how can we be expected to make an informed purchase if there are no technical details provided about the cable . What gauge is it ? Is it Category 2 / 340 megahertz certified ? Is it 1.3 or 1.2 ?
56. Just as expected ... a long cable for a short price tag . It does what it needs to do . What more can you ask for ?
57. I was concerned with the low price of this cables as you often get what you pay for . In this case , the product was very durable . I used it for in the wall installation and have been pleased with the signal quality .
58. whats is there to review ? ? got it in quickly. plugged it in . worked.i would buy another one if i needed it
59. SANOXY HDMI Cable 24k Gold ( 30 feet ) The length is not right . It is not 30ft , It is around 25 ft long
60. We purchased this 30ft HDMI to watch our TV out on the back patio . We couldn 't be happier - the quality is great and the price even better !
61. This cable was installed correctly along the ceiling of my basement where it was connected to a TV on one side and a computer on the other . 1 month later , it failed- enought said .
62. I had my doubts on a 30 ' hdmi cable and thanks to all the reviews saying how it works with no issues , I bought this cable . The reviews were correct , this works great . Thanks to all the reviewers for helping me make this purchase .
63. I plugged in one end the 30-foot long HDMI cable into my receiver , then plugged the other end of the 30-foot long HDMI cable into my TV . Guess what ? It worked.I would recommend this item and often do .
64. This cable is a fraction of the cost of a $ 300 + Monster cable that will do the exact same thing . Be careful putting it on anything that moves ( i.e. TV with full motion mount ) as you risk snapping the head off and having to buy anothe rone !
65. I WAS A LITTLE SKEPTICAL ABOUT THE QUALITY OF MY PICTURE USING A 30 FOOT HDMI CABLE AND POWERED SPLITTER BUT I WAS AMAZED AT THE CLARITY OF THE HD PICTURE , EVEN WITH BOTH TV 'S ON AT THE SAME TIME .... TANKYOU VERY MUCH ..... EXCELLANT PRODUCT .
66. Cable works well with no problem . It is not as flexible as I would like . May have problem with ends because of cable not being flexible . Overall it was great value for money .
67. Very good product for the cost , Wonderful , Perfect . Works Just as expected ! ! No Problems with this product as I have used this for 4 weeks so far
68. just the right length for what I needed to help complete the entertainment portion of the basement for in wall install
69. Worked great . No signal degradation . Using it to run video from my computer to my tv , which is a ways away . No complaints , and not a bad price.I 'd recommend checking out the 25 ft cables , as they seem to be cheaper , if you don 't need the extra five feet .
70. Needed this length to connect computer to tv . Came with plastic protector ends that I use when stored away.Have no problems with connection or picture quality .
71. Hi I bought this item on January . Hardy I use 5 hours per week.Exactly after 6 months It is not working.18 $ is waste.Please don 't buy this item
72. This is a very sturdy , well-built cable . Works perfectly as an HDMI connection between a computer NVDIA video card and a separately situated flat-screen TV . I was concerned about the 30 foot length degrading the signal , but I don 't see any problems .
73. I expect these values to outlast the use of the device that is using them . I still have cables from devices long dead that are fine . This just stopped working randomly .
74. Shipping was quick , but item did not work .. Picture was finicky in one cable and there was no signal in the other .. Maybe the ppl who say extra long hdmi cables are garbage or don 't work are correct OR maybe it 's this product .
75. it 's great i love the size it went thorugh thewhole house. it is very strong and was easy to use
76. Arrived as expected , does the trick , and no complaints here . And this is certainly WAY cheaper than anything you 'll find out in Best Buy or Wal-Mart .
77. Works Great for what we needed for our Computer to TV connection . With the long cable we were able to feed it through the wall to hide it .
78. Great value for money . About as good as it gets at this price point . Works well , good picture , solid construction .
79. It works as expected . It seems like a good quality HDMI . I am very statisfy with this product and price .
80. This cable was only used 4 or 5 times to connect the cable box in one room to a tv in another room . Went to plug it in this week and the connection at the HDMI head fell apart . Cheaply made .
81. Cable is inexpensive and does exactly what it was designed to do . I am using it to transfer one output of an HDMI splitter to a remotely located TV . The source originates from a Comcast cable DVR .
82. Did exactly what I needed . Great Picture . I would recommend this cable to any other buyers looking for a reliable product .
83. Working great and just the right length for my laptop to connect to my smart TV so we can watch Netflix movies . Great price
84. If you need one longer HDMI cable to connect your player and TV ( monitor , projector or TV ) , this is a good quality cable than a brand name cable . Same quality your eye can not complaint any different . But save you some money .
85. I used this cable to connect from my computer to my television . At first this was a great cable , but after six months of moving it around , the cable is starting to lose connection , requiring me to move around the connector every time I use it just to get a working signal . Save yourself some headache and buy a higher quality cable .
86. Nice product with a nice price helps extend my equipment and sloved my problem . Came as advertised and meets expectation
87. Bought this cable to replace previous one thatcan only pass 1080i between ps3 and epsonprojector . Turns out this one is a complete dud , no signal between ps3 and projector ... returnedfor refund .
88. I have had no problems with this cable whatsoever . It works great between PC and TV . Heavy duty , gold plated , you can 't go wrong with this one !
89. good product , as promised. it a cable ! not much to say , it worked as I expected . After all , it 's a cable and it acted just like a cable . I was was very impressed .
90. that 's about what you 're looking for in a cheap hdmi cable right ? IT WORKED ! Goat cheese . Abbra Cadabra . Fiddle sticks .
91. Dear ... it is A + + + + + + + + + + + it works just fine , quality it just fine , i am not an experience but i am happy with this product .
92. I am happy with the cable . I run a ps3 to two tvs , using a splitter / amp and this cable works well .
93. For a price , these are perfect , perfect length just enough to connect my entertainment and have no wires visible . Great product .
94. This is truly a great deal and a great product . I could not be happier . I can not believe what a great value . It also arrived priority mail without a hitch !
95. Great price ! Works perfectly with my Infocus X2 projector ! I would totally buy this product again , if I needed one .
96. This cable produced a snowed image with buzzing audio.I even used a signal amplifier ( which you shouldn 't have to use for runs under 50ft ) and it had no effect on the picture quality.Would not waste time with this product . However - company I dealt with ( HDMI & More ) was outstanding to work with and refunded my money immediately .
97. Received my product in a EXCEPTIONAL timely manner . Price was right and I have bought other items from Amazon since then . Very satisfied ...
98. The length of this cable makes it easy for me to connect my laptop in another room with my new flat panel TV to use for watching DVD 's or Netflix movies on a bigger screen . I recommend this one . It 's a little lengthy maybe for use as a monitor connection , but obviously works works for that also .
99. Bought these to connect my kitchen tv to the sources in my living room . With the splitters I purchased also , these are providing great signal to the kitchen . These cables are an excellent example of why you should not buy HDMI cables at a brick and mortar store .