Product ID: B001LIUNAM

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The vast majority of reviewers were happy with the product, finding it to fit well and look good. A few reviewers noted that the panties ran a little large, but were still comfortable. Some reviewers would have liked to see the product in more colors.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was great. They liked the fit, feel, and look of the product and thought it was well-made. Some reviewers thought the product ran a little large, but others thought the fit was true to size. Some reviewers would like to see the product in more colors.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Great fit and they stay put .
i plan to purchase other colors and prints !
Fits great , looks great and feels great .
My only issue is that they fit a little weird , a little big but still comfortable .
I love these panties and they fit better than i expected .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people saying that the panties fit well, looked good, and were comfortable. Some people did have issues with the fit being a little weird or with the panties riding up, but overall people were happy with the product.

****** Reviews ******
1. I am really pleased with these ! Great fit and they stay put. i plan to purchase other colors and prints !
2. Fits great , looks great and feels great . It says that I need more words which is silly because I have said it all .
3. Looks well , fits well , & doesn 't show under clothes . Doesn 't roll down if you have a little tummy like other brands
4. I ordered a small . An got a med packing even said small glad I took them out an checked before I gift wraped them
5. I love the material and how there is something that is sewn in to keep them riding up . My only issue is that they fit a little weird , a little big but still comfortable . The material is amazing soft .
6. I love these panties , they are comfortable , well made and attractive . A good quality pair that should last a long time .
7. Love the look & the feel . Makes my day . Need to order more of these . Would recommend them . Wath more can I say .
8. I was looking forward to receiving this panty and was not disappointed . Fits well and looks great . I would definitely recommend this to others . The fit is true to size . I would like to see this product in other colors , but the basics are covered .
9. I love these panties and they fit better than i expected . Well worrh the price paid . I did not care for the matching bra because it lacked shape and form