Product ID: B00246ATU4

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers were pleased with the product, finding it to be well-made, professional-looking, and comfortable. However, some reviewers noted that the scrubs ran large, while others found that they were a bit scratchy when first delivered.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews for this product were mostly positive, with people praising the quality, fit, and comfort of the scrubs. Some people did note that the sizes ran large, but overall people were happy with their purchase.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
These snap front scrubs were the answer to my problem of never having enough pockets but being too hot in a scrub jacket .
The XL drawstring pants and XL snapfront top fit perfectly !
I also love the fact that they offer these plus - sized scrubs in so many different colors .
I wear Cherokee scrubs only .
I now have 3 different colors .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews said that the product is of good quality, is comfortable to wear, and fits well.

****** Reviews ******
1. These snap front scrubs were the answer to my problem of never having enough pockets but being too hot in a scrub jacket . I now have 3 different colors . These are great !
2. I wear Cherokee scrubs only . I ordered my same size as always and it is very big . Almost as if it is the next size bigger .
3. better than a top because it can be put on easily and worn open with tank of hotter day good decision .
4. My wife wears them everyday for work , they hold up great . She really looks nice in them . That 's why I buy them for her .
5. Fit very large - also snaps started coming off after just wearing twice . Worry that its a bad batch - have worn Cherokee for years and never had this happen before
6. I absolutely love Cherokee Scrubs ! I am Plus Nurse ... normally wearing size 16-18 . The XL drawstring pants and XL snapfront top fit perfectly ! Not too tight or restricting ... not too loose or cumbersome . Just perfect ! I also love the fact that they offer these plus-sized scrubs in so many different colors .
7. I ordered 5 of these . They fit good . I ordered a large in size . I am 4 ' 11 and weigh 140 . The sizing chart shown with the add is close to accurate . I am well pleased with my purchase . I will be ordering more of these in the future .
8. Got the tan and wears much better than white-casual and professional both ; wear it open with short or long sleeves and solid color pants ; I know from experience these run large-I 'm 5 ' 7 " 140 lbs and got the XS which is perfect-don 't like them boxy . I don 't like the Cherokee label on the sleeve but comes off easily with tiny scissors .
9. Love this scrub top ! I 've ordered several . It washes well and does not need much ironing if any . Service was fast . I 'm very pleased .
10. Runs a little big but great top . Company ships fast and I received item quickly . Item is of good quality material . Lots of pockets . Great for everyday use . Very happy with this purchase .
11. These Cherokee tops were just what I wanted they go nice with all scrub bottoms . Down side is they are more polyester than cotton but look nice and great for the price . I would recommend to others and buy more . Sizes run large so plenty of room .
12. Pleased with the color and quality of this product . My only complaint was the time involved in shipping . It took almost 2 weeks to have a small package shipped from Louisiana to North Carolina . The shipping price was great , but I would have been willing to pay a little more to cut the shipping time to one week .
13. I am wearing this over a shirt during my pregnancy so that I can still look somewhat professional wearing scrubs . I love that it has snaps so I can wear it undone as my belly grows .
14. Received my tops within a few days , Very nice quality for the price . The shirts feel very sturdy , will definitely have them for years to come .
15. My top fit as expected love the color , roomy in hip area easy to press , not to mention easy to wash
16. I usually order large tops however this one was too large so I guess I need to order a medium now that I 've lost some weight .
17. The scrubs felt a bit scratchy at delivery , but washing took care of that . The colors are great and the front closing allows wearing the tops open over a tank top .
18. I purchased this scrub top for nursing at work . It is convenient and light weight material for summer time weather .
19. Great . The snaps are great and it washes up fine without shrinkage . Had shoulder surgery and needed a shirt that could go on easy . This one did the trick . It washes well , no shrinkage or fading .
20. I love this . I wear it as a short sleeve scrub jacket and the color is really nice . I would recommend it .
21. I love the color and material this is made of . The only draw back is that it runs small for the size that you order . For example if you are a small you may need to order a medium .
22. I ordered three different types of snap up scrub tops ( where to work as a pharmacist ) and liked this one the best . Looked good and fit perfectly .
23. I needed a short sleeve jacket to wear with a pair of royal color pants . This jacket fit well , has a soft feel and it matches perfectly to the pants I already have .
24. I ordered a few of these in different colors . They are well made but they do run on the large side.Other then that its a very well made product .
25. they are just right for most people . I would like mine just a tad longer. wear well though . I bought more .
26. Bought to wear as maternity top . Fits well . Material wrinkles easily and isn 't as soft as I prefer , but it 's a decent top .
27. This is an excellent scrub top that you can just wear a tank top under and leave it open ! This product got shipped super fast ! love it