Product ID: B003F3ZBKI

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was a great value, with many features and a compact design. Some reviewers noted that the battery life was excellent, and that the charger worked well. However, a few reviewers found that the build quality was cheap and that the charger did not work as advertised.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews of the product were mostly positive, with people saying that it worked well, was a good value, and came with a car adapter. There were a few complaints about the quality of the product, but overall people seemed to be satisfied with it.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Pros : came with a spare battery and car charger , charges quicklyCons : none to dateSummary : better than the original charger shipped with the camera
Looking for a charger found one on Amazon but it came with extra battery and computer cable at a 1 / 3 of the cost from camera mfg ,
Compact smart design , car charger nice perk .
I was just looking for a charger and I got a spare battery and a car charger !
Good initial value for the dollars , the test will be in the long run .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The product is good value for the money, and it works well. It came with extra features that were unexpected and appreciated, though some people found the build quality to be cheap. There were a few complaints about the product not working as expected, but mostly people were happy with it.

****** Reviews ******
1. Good initial value for the dollars , the test will be in the long run . Compact smart design , car charger nice perk .
2. Looking for a charger found one on Amazon but it came with extra battery and computer cable at a 1 / 3 of the cost from camera mfg ,
3. Great deal for both battery & charger . You can expect to pay around $ 15.00 for just the battery alone . Great offer .
4. After losing my charger for a Sony camera I was hoping to find an inexpensive replacement . I sure found that here . Great price and works perfectly .
5. Battery life was excellent . Better than the factory , plus it came charged with the power adapter . Must buy item for those with these type of cameras .
6. Got the camera in a Goodwill store . The accessories were not with it . The price for this was perfect . This is the best camera I have ever owned .
7. Pros : came with a spare battery and car charger , charges quicklyCons : none to dateSummary : better than the original charger shipped with the camera
8. Great deal ! I was just looking for a charger and I got a spare battery and a car charger ! This works out great for me . I always camera ready now !
9. Works great despite its " cheap " feel . No complaints , as advertised . Shipped in generic box with no documents or instructions .... not that I need any .
10. Little cheap built but did charge well and we used it as a back up battery . Still lasting after a year of use
11. The charger is simular to the one 's I 've purchased in the past . It has both home and auto charge capability . The charger appeared to not work when it first arrived . I guess reading the instructions should be first .
12. This is the wrong charger for the battery which all came together with the order . The connections do not match up , so therefore , the battery does not charge ! !
13. It arrived very fast , works fine , the charger is smaller than the original one.I am happy with it . It worth the money .
14. I thought this product was a SONY charger but it is not . It works fine but is not what I had assumed it was .
15. The battery and charger are perfect and worked great . Just what I was looking for and at a great price too ! Shipping was also very fast . I highly recommend this seller .
16. Great product and was amazed at the price with a spare battery and car and wall plug . Had been looking everywhere and finally found it ...
17. what a piece of junk , it probably only cost 10 cents to make this thing. sorry , but you need to buy the real deal .
18. This is a necessity for keeping my camera charged wherever I am at home or at work outside taking pictures for projects
19. I purchased these for a vacation because the original battery was no longer holding a charge . I only charged it once but it lasted throughout a week with moderate use of the camera . Not able to provide an in-depth review , but it was suitable for our purpose especially with the price and speed of delivery ( less than one week ) .
20. the charger worked and the battery it was great and the package came before the estimated thanks it was great
21. Bought this product to extend my battery life but after 6 month it was as if i still had my original battery , just simply not work it in my case , the battery make your phone oddly shaped
22. We lost the charger that came with the camera , so needing a new one was necessary in order to keep using the camera . Added bonus that it comes with another battery . One is always ready on standby
23. I am very happy with my purchase . Everything works great ! Only thing is that it took forever to get to me . But overall very nice .
24. Cheap and work great ! Even comes with a small car adaptor . I haven 't had long though so let 's see if the quality holds up !
25. Hello.Order arrived on time , they fit great on my Sony Camera , started using them rigth away with no Hassle.Regards.
26. I lost my charger for my camera and needed a cheap replacement and this one worked great . It is a great replacement .
27. I had lost my old one to my camera and thought I would never be able to use it again . Works great .