Product ID: B003DIVF1Y

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people loving the watch and others being disappointed. Some people found the watch to be of good quality, while others had issues with it falling apart or the band malfunctioning. Some people loved the small size and others found it too small.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people loving the watch and others finding it disappointing. The main complaints were that the watch fell apart after a short amount of time, and that the face was too small to read.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Mechanically it runs well but the very first day the spring pins holding the band on malfunctioned and I had to take it to a jeweler to have them replaced .
I was really disappointed that this watch fell apart after one month of having it .
This item was purchased as a gift for a 12 year old .
I had to buy another band so I could wear it .
I have wanted a Mickey Mouse watch since I was a child and one of my friends had one .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The product received mixed reviews, with some people loving it and others finding it disappointing. The main complaints were that the watch fell apart after a short amount of time, and that the face was too small to read. Others loved the small size and the fun design of the watch.

****** Reviews ******
1. I was really disappointed that this watch fell apart after one month of having it . I had to buy another band so I could wear it . It 's not worth the money .
2. I will recommend to my friends . Quality and workmanship just fine . Very pleased with this purchase . Would not hesitate to purchase from Amazon again .
3. This item was purchased as a gift for a 12 year old . Mechanically it runs well but the very first day the spring pins holding the band on malfunctioned and I had to take it to a jeweler to have them replaced .
4. I have wanted a Mickey Mouse watch since I was a child and one of my friends had one . I am 64-years-old and now have my Mickey Mouse . I am very pleased and love wearing my watch .
5. It was a nice watch , unfortunately , the face was small for me to read so had to return it . I had bought a similar watch at WDW several years ago but the womens watch face was larger .
6. Bought these ( also the Minnie Mouse watch # MN1023 ) for my Bride for Mothers day . She is a real fan of the happiest place on earth and couldn 't be happier with these .
7. I had a black Mickey watch for years , and lost it . I really like this new one . It is petite and fun .
8. I love this watch ! I have been wanting a Mickey Mouse watch for some time and this is exactly what I was looking for . It has a very small face and fits small wrists but is very adorable ! While it is small , the time is still easy to read .
9. This was for my wife who was retiring as a teacher but not retiring from life . Now she will be a Nanny to our three grand childrenWhat better watch for taking care of grandchildren .