Product ID: B004PJZEVM

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The watch is pretty and fits small wrists well. The band is a convenient stretch band, but it may loosen over time. Some people found the watch face to be too small.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The vast majority of reviewers seem to really like the watch. Compliments are given for its appearance, price, and the stretch band. A few reviewers mention that the watch is too small, or that the steel color is not as silvery as they would like. One reviewer had to have the band shortened, and another did not like that the face was small.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
The watch is the perfect size and looks very pricey.It has a snug fit and stays exactly where you put it .
The Skagen watch arrived on time and was well packaged .
A bit disappointed because even though it said that it fits small wrists I still had to have a watch maker shorten the band at a cost of $ 25.00 .
I have bought other Skagen watches as gifts and they have always been well received .
I would like to see Skagen have more choices of watches with this kind of strech band .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought the watch was a great value. They liked the stretch band, but some found it too tight. They also thought the watch was a good size, but some wished the face was larger.

****** Reviews ******
1. I love this watch and wear it most days . It 's very pretty . Better than the picture and it fits my small wrist
2. The Skagen watch arrived on time and was well packaged . I have bought other Skagen watches as gifts and they have always been well received .
3. The band broke after a month of moderate wear ! It was a gift given two months after purchase . Is the warranty still applicable ?
4. Very classic design . A bit disappointed because even though it said that it fits small wrists I still had to have a watch maker shorten the band at a cost of $ 25.00 .
5. The watch is the perfect size and looks very pricey.It has a snug fit and stays exactly where you put it .
6. Love the convenience of the stretch band . The steel color is not as silvery as I would have liked -- but for the price $ 67 good all purpose watch
7. I loved the strech band however it did seem to tighten as I wore it . I would like to see Skagen have more choices of watches with this kind of strech band . I sent it back because it wasn 't what I was looking for .
8. Great watch for a great price ! I get so many compliments . Shipping was fast too . Highly recommend this watch to anyone who likes a simple everyday watch .
9. To small of a face , didn 't like that . The band I really like . I found the one I wanted somewhere else