Product ID: B004OC03GG

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people saying that the boots were warm, comfortable, and waterproof. There were a few negative reviews, with people saying that the boots were too tight, or that the liner came out when taking the boot off. Overall, people seemed to be happy with the product.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The product received generally positive reviews, with reviewers praising its durability, warmth, and comfort. Some reviewers noted that the boot was not as stylish as they had hoped, but still found it to be a good value for the price. The reviews were generally positive, with people finding the boots to be well-made, warm, and waterproof. Some reviewers found the fit to be large, but others found it to be just right. Some people were not fans of the removable liner, but overall the reviews were positive. The vast majority of reviewers were happy with their purchase, finding the boots to be well-made, warm, and comfortable. A few people found the boots to be too small, and one person found them uncomfortable due to the toes jamming at the tip.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
These boots look nice but they hold moisture inside , making my husband 's feet extremely cold to the point he wasn ' t able to walk in the snow .
Great traction on the sole .
folks these boots are dirt cheap.If ya want great boots open up your wallet and spend one to three hundred dollars .
The boots are Warm and dry , fits well .
These boots are too narrow at the ankle to get your foot in .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people saying that the boots were warm, fit well, and had good traction. There were a few negative reviews, with people saying that the boots were too narrow, held moisture, and were difficult to put on. Overall, people seemed to think that the boots were a good value for the price.

****** Reviews ******
1. These boots look nice but they hold moisture inside , making my husband 's feet extremely cold to the point he wasn 't able to walk in the snow . I should 've known better , you get what you pay for .
2. For the money not a bad value . Ive read some reviews that were critical but good god .. folks these boots are dirt cheap.If ya want great boots open up your wallet and spend one to three hundred dollars . These will work just fine for recreational activities like ice fishing etc . Dollar for dollar not bad : 0 )
3. My husband couldn 't get his foot in this boot . These boots are too narrow at the ankle to get your foot in . Don 't waste your money .
4. Liners are a pain - come out of boot when you take it off and sink down when you put boot on . Nice looking , sturdy and warm once you finally get it on though .
5. The boots are Warm and dry , fits well . Well made . He should grow out of them before the boots wear out
6. I have only wore the boots a few times , but has not been real cold . They kept my feet warm but are a bit tighter than other shoes I have in the same size . A half size larger might be a safe bet .
7. Bought as a gift for my husband . They arrived promptly . Good fit . They keep his feet warm & dry . Easy to put on . He 's pleased as he wanted a pair for being outside in the snow .
8. Great traction on the sole . Great grip . Fits true to size . Durable construction . Works well on the ice for ice fishing .
9. Arrived quickly , fit great ! Keeps my sons feet dry and warm in three feet of snow and frigid temps . Awesome .
10. Boots fit well plenty of room for nice thick socks . Had them out in the snow on the first day feet stay dry .
11. I 'm glad I bought these lite weight and warm . I would recommend them to friends . Well worth the money . I 'll be purchasing more in the future .
12. I usually buy wide width shoes but this 12 M fits just fine for me . Very warm boot and comfortable .
13. Cheep crap . Wish i never got them . Still look like quality until you slide your foot in . Inner boot does not fit in outer shell correctly . Uncomfortable and cheap feeling .
14. My husband is very satisfied with theses boots. exactly what he wanted for shoveling the driveway. they will come in very handy this winter .
15. i give it four stars cause its very stylish the only down side is that the booty inside of the boot is too thin
16. Wanted this boot for style but when i received it in mail found it more of a very good snow and slush boot then a nice looking boot for wear . Fits very well , good price . Warm ! Only four stars because im sure there is a boot out there for same price and better quality . OK , ill make it a 4.5 stars
17. These are a heavy-duty boot made for function and not fashion ! lol We got them for our son as a gift and he clomped around in them all winter . They are warm and , even better , waterproof . They will certainly last several years . They are a great item at a reasonable price .
18. I 'm not one for frills , just want a waterproof and warm boot . This is it . Looks decent and does what its supposed to . I 'd never pay more for another one .
19. They fit perfect hope they last as good as they fit and well be all set only thing I didn 't understand wad said free shipping and I got charged for shipping
20. They perform as described. warm in sub-zero temps , comfortable , and easy lacing. what else do you need in a boot ?
21. Great boots ! Just had 14 " of snow and was outside a lot w / these boots and feet never got cold or wet !
22. The outer boot is too large and it also fits too large . Not a big fan of the sock boot inside that comes out when you take out your foot .
23. Great boot . Very warm . Went higher up the leg than I was expecting , so that was nice to keep the snow out .
24. The boots have kept my feet warm in dry so far . I like the removable liners and how insulated they are .
25. I received the boots in time for Valentines day and it snowed and snowed and snowed . My husband did not have to come in one time to warm up his feet . My husbands feet stayed dry and warm the whole time . These boots are the best purchase ever made.Thank you for the quality product you provided .
26. Northside boots provide a great inside lining for warmth , strong seal to keep out the elements , and - traction for moving around in snow , etc . Great product ! Bill
27. I love the design itself is manufactured boots , the materials , but even though I 'm size 8 were super great hope that when they can buy them in size 7 .
28. these are great ! ! kids played in 10 " of snow yesterday for 3.5 hours. removable sock liner is great for drying separately .
29. Warm , comfortable , waterproof , and an all around great product ! Highly recommend ! The size was right on and the insert is removable so they dry easy .
30. Warm boot , but the only issue is the insert likes to come out with my foot . No big deal , you just need to make more time to loosen the boot before taking foot out of it .
31. here on camp leatherneck it is cold an wet , there is mud every were.these boots keep my feet warm and dry .
32. Good price fit very well keeps my feet very warm an dry fast shipping buying a pair for my son .
33. These were ordered for a 3rd party on the Navajo reservation in Arizona . From all reports that I get these are exactly what are needed
34. I purchased these for my husband and they were too tight for him . His toes jammed at the tip and they were extremely uncomfortable . All Northside shoes run small . The manufacturers can at least advise potential customers that their sizes run small . I am yet again really disappointed .
35. Kept my feet warm in 14 degree weather while sitting still for a couple hours . Can 't ask much more for the price .
36. Would buy again . After checking for several other boots , this seemed to be the best for the money and quality .