Product ID: B006HD9KI2

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, the reviews for this product are positive. People like the shirt, saying it is well-made and fits true to size. They also appreciate the fast delivery from Amazon.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people praising the quality of the shirt and the fit. Some people noted that the shirt ran a bit small, but overall people were happy with the purchase.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Made with good material and has a great graphic .
The quality of the tee is excellent and I highly recommend this to any teen girl who is a fan of Mindless Behavior .
My daughter is petite , I order the shirt in her current size and it fits but no room to grow .
I bought this shirt for my daughter on her bday .
Great fit true to size .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews said that the product is made with good material, has a great graphic, and is a good quality shirt. They also said that the shirt fits true to size and that their daughter loved it.

****** Reviews ******
1. The shirt is beautiful . It has big pictures of each of the boys . I was so happy when it finally came . The only problem is that it is a size bigger then what I was expecting . Otherwise a really nice shirt
2. Very nice shirt for the price . My daughter loves it ! Great fit true to size . Made with good material and has a great graphic .
3. I bought this shirt for my daughter on her bday . She love it .... i think this shirt is great for a young girl that is a mindless behavior fan ...... Thanks Amazon for putting a huge smile on my daughter face .......
4. I purchased this tee for my neice , who is crazy about this singing group . The quality of the tee is excellent and I highly recommend this to any teen girl who is a fan of Mindless Behavior .
5. My daughter is so obsessed with mindless behavior this shirt was perfect for her : ) this shirt is amazing : )
6. I purchased this shirt for my daughter . It was well made however the sizing scale is a little small . My daughter is petite , I order the shirt in her current size and it fits but no room to grow . She liked it because no other girl was wearing the shirt she had on at the concert . I am satisfied and will order other shirts .
7. We purchased this for my niece for Christmas who loves Mindless Behavior and she loves her t-shirt . Good quality and great fit .
8. This group is one of my granddaughter 's favorite groups . She requested a T-shirt with their picture on it for Christmas , so I ordered it from Amazon . The said it was exactly what she wanted and it fit great !
9. The shirt was true to size . It was a part of a birthday surprise for my daughter along with tickets to see the group in concert . She loved the shirt . Thanks for fast delivery . It shipped sooner than i was told which came just in time for her birthday !