Product ID: B007TYAXDO

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were positive overall, with reviewers praising the ease of use and the impressive results. There were a few complaints about the size of the topper and the lack of instructions, but overall the reviewers were happy with the product.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought the cake topper was easy to use, impressive, and a great addition to a birthday cake. Some reviewers noted that the topper didn't adhere to the cake as well as they would have liked, but others thought it worked well enough.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
One part started to tear on the way , but I just put it on carefully , and the tear was unnoticeable .
This cake topper was very easy to use , following the well - written instructions .
There were no instructions on how to apply this topper to the cake .
This was a great topper for my son 's birthday cake .
It was very easy to use and everyone was so impressed with the cakes .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the product was easy to use, looked good, and tasted great. Some reviewers had difficulty applying the topper to the cake, but most found it straightforward. Some also noted that the topper was a bit small for a sheet cake.

****** Reviews ******
1. I ordered this for my sons birthday . It was very easy to use and everyone was so impressed with the cakes . I liked that the image didn 't add any flavor . All you tasted was delicious cake ! I would definitely order them again .
2. This arrived in perfect condition . I was very happy with this purchase and would recommend it . Great , great , great , great
3. This cake topper was just awesome . Our son loved it and it was an added " special surprise " for his 4th birthday cake since he just completely obsessed with superheroes ! Shipping was fast , since I needed this item in a hurry . Would definitely recommend product and seller !
4. There were no instructions on how to apply this topper to the cake . Had to google it many times to get the right strategy.Product is OK.Greatly packaged .
5. This was a great topper for my son 's birthday cake . He loved it as he is obsessed with superheroes . The directions were easy to follow and wasn 't difficult to put on . Just wish it was bit larger for a sheet cake .
6. It was so easy to apply and looked so good on the cake My son loved it and the fact that it was edible
7. This was just what I wanted to make a fun birthday cake . The instructions were included and it was easy to put one .
8. Couldn 't find it anywhere ! So glad you had it ! Thank You ! it worked pretty well ... didn 't ' quite ' adhere to the cake like I wanted but it looked great and worked well enough . ; - )
9. This cake topper was very easy to use , following the well-written instructions . I didn 't need all the extra tips : just took it out of the package and put it on the cake . One part started to tear on the way , but I just put it on carefully , and the tear was unnoticeable . My 9-year-old grandson loved it !