Product ID: B007VUS9YQ

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the glasses were cute and eye-catching, but that the quality was not great. Some reviewers specifically mentioned that the pearls fell off easily.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people loving the glasses and others thinking they were ridiculous. The main complaints were that the pearls fell off easily and that the glasses looked cheap.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
they are plastic of the cheapest kind - the pearls are huge as well as the sunglasses themselves !
They are true oversized eye wear , so if you do not like that beetle look these are not for you .
in general the item 's quality and size is ok , its just that the pearls look less chic than the picture , its the quality and the color of the pearlsit would be better if the picture was more like reality
If you want unique , these fit the bill .
The pic misrepresents these glasses ... .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Some reviews said that the glasses were cheaply made, with plastic of the cheapest kind and that the pearls were huge. Other reviews said that the glasses were unique and eye-catching. Some reviews said that the glasses were a good alternative to more expensive glasses. Others said that they hated the glasses and that they were ridiculous and a waste of money.

****** Reviews ******
1. After wearing for only an hour the pearls start falling off by the end of the day there were none left on the sides
2. i got these because they looked like the Chanel pearl sunglasses . These are a good alternative to those . A more affordable one . I receive many compliments on these glasses . They are true oversized eye wear , so if you do not like that beetle look these are not for you .
3. I have these shade sand have not worn them yet . I can 't think of a place that they will work , I am going to put them in my car and I will wear at the spur of the moment . These are definitely different and that is why I love them !
4. I love these glasses . The only reason I didn 't rate as high is because some of my pearls fell off . They 're really cute and eye catching though .
5. This glasses look ridiculous . I tried giving them away and I got laughed at . They look so stupid and cheap . Sorry I just hated them ! ! UGH !
6. These glasses are so cheap .... they are plastic of the cheapest kind- the pearls are huge as well as the sunglasses themselves ! The pic misrepresents these glasses .... a waist of my & $ $ $
7. in general the item 's quality and size is ok , its just that the pearls look less chic than the picture , its the quality and the color of the pearlsit would be better if the picture was more like reality
8. Amazon wants me to use a minimum number of words , but all I want to say is . Burning man ! Burning man ! Burning man ! If you want unique , these fit the bill .
9. Bigger than expected , but they for my face very well and they are super cute ! ! Can 't wait to show these off at EDC !