Product ID: B008AK4T1S

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, the reviews were positive. People liked the fit, style, and comfort of the pants. Some people did find that the pants ran a little large, but others found that they were true to size or even a little on the bigger side. There were no major complaints about the pants, although one person did say that the fabric was thinner than on the previous version of the pants.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviewers generally liked the pants, finding them comfortable, dry-fasting, and non-clingy. They also found that the pants ran a little large, but that they were still a good fit. There were some complaints about the fabric being thinner than previous versions, but overall the reviewers liked the pants.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
So very comfortable and breathable !
I really like the Under Armour Brand and have spent a lot of money on clothes for my children , overall they are very soft , very comfortable , but they sit low on my hips .
The fabric was thicker whereas this seems more like lounging yoga pants instead of workout pants .
They are comfy and cool so great for working out or summer wear .
They are comfy , move with my body , dry fast , and are not clingy .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought the product was comfortable, well-made, and fit true to size or a little on the bigger side. Some reviewers thought the fabric was thicker than expected, but most found them breathable and perfect for working out or summer wear.

****** Reviews ******
1. I bought these pants to try something different and I now own three pairs . They are comfy , move with my body , dry fast , and are not clingy . I normally wear a size 6 but take a medium in these ... Size up .
2. I really like the Under Armour Brand and have spent a lot of money on clothes for my children , overall they are very soft , very comfortable , but they sit low on my hips . If I try to pull them up onto my hips , they do not fit correctly and ride up as I work out .
3. These pants are great . It wicked moisture and kept cool . However , the do run a little large . I recommend getting a smaller size than usual . But overall , great athletic capris .
4. So comfotable , and very light weight . Perfect for exercising , or just hanging out . You can 't go wrong with Under Armour .
5. The picture is true to the item . However , the previous but discontinued versions of this were better . The fabric was thicker whereas this seems more like lounging yoga pants instead of workout pants .
6. So very comfortable and breathable ! A lot of compliments . I would recommend.The right size and length , it feels great .
7. I find these true to size or a little on the bigger side but in a good way . They are comfy and cool so great for working out or summer wear .
8. Good quality , good price . Excellent product , Fit perfect for me. the color is like the description . It 's my first time that I used this brand , just perfect .
9. I really like the style and fit of these capris . I have bought several pairs for wearing around the house . I have worn one pair and washed them once . I did not notice any shrinkage .