Product ID: B0082AHWMY

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were generally positive, with people finding the comforter to be beautiful and of good quality. However, some people noted that the fabric was a bit scratchy, and that the tufting could rip easily.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The comforter is beautiful but the gathered sections fall apart easily. Some people found the fabric to be scratchy. Overall, people are happy with the purchase.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
I 've had a hard time finding good comforters online .
The color I chose is so soft and enlightening .
These are strong , pretty , and quality fabric .
It 's a beautiful comforter BUT the places that are gathered together fall apart very easily .
I love the comforter set in Taupe .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
Overall, reviewers thought the comforter was beautiful, well-made, and a great value. Some people found the fabric to be scratchy, but most thought it was worth the price. There were a few complaints about the tufting coming undone, but most people were very happy with their purchase.

****** Reviews ******
1. It 's a beautiful comforter BUT the places that are gathered together fall apart very easily . I told my husband that had I of known that would have happened within a week of owning it I would have definitely found something else : (
2. Super nice quality , I love it ! This is a great set I would recommend to anyone . A very complete set . : )
3. I really like my comforter set . I makes my room so pretty and Rich looking . The color I chose is so soft and enlightening . Thanks Amazon !
4. I love the comforter set in Taupe . It is elegant , yet practical . The top of the comforter is a little scratchy , but the looks of the comforter outweighs this . It is warm and classy . You will love it .
5. The picture . Is good but once you have it on your bed it is elegant . The material has a beautiful sheen to it . Great purchase .
6. I am in love with this comforter set . I have it in my guest room and it is just stunning ! ! !
7. I 've had a hard time finding good comforters online . Often in the past they look great in pictures then fall apart after using them a while . These are strong , pretty , and quality fabric . Strongly recommend !
8. I am so in love with this comforter ! The color matches perfectly to the photograph , and the accent Pillows are great . Overall good quality .
9. The tufting rips easy other than that it 's comfy fluffy and beautiful not as cheaply made as I thought it would be !