Product ID: B008B7BC8S

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The Friendship Bracelet Maker is a gadget that makes it easier to make bracelets. Some people found it too complicated, while others loved how easy it was to use. The kit is also portable and compact. The quality of the threads was not great, but the 6 year old it was bought for still loved it.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
Overall, reviewers thought that the Friendship Bracelet Maker was easy to use and helped speed up the process of making bracelets. Some reviewers found it too complicated for younger children, but teenagers seemed to enjoy it. There were a few complaints about the quality of the materials, but most reviewers thought that the kit was a great value.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
This kit is portable , compact and easy to use .
The Friendship Bracelet Maker is very easy to use .
The pegs hold the floss securely and the clip at the top holds everything in place .
the kids loved it , you can spend many hours playing with it .
This gadget makes making the bracelets alot easier .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mixed, with some people finding the product easy to use and others finding it difficult. Some people also found the quality of the materials to be lacking. Overall, the reviews were mixed but generally positive.

****** Reviews ******
1. I bought for my 5 year old and she ( we ) love it . She is getting the hang of it , but it is easier for her if someone is helping her . This gadget makes making the bracelets alot easier .
2. This was too complicated for my 9 year old daughter . I tried to help her , but quickly lost my patience over the confusing instructions . This one ended up in the trash .
3. This kit is portable , compact and easy to use . I especially love how the clip and tooth parts at the top hold the floss very securely !
4. The Friendship Bracelet Maker is very easy to use . The pegs hold the floss securely and the clip at the top holds everything in place . I can make friendship bracelets much faster . I would recommend this to anyone who likes to make bracelets . Great product .
5. We have tried to make friendship bracelets before with them taped to the desk , table & books around the house in the past . This was / is so nice and portable , with additional supplies just inside the included drawer . My son loves it and can 't wait to see the fruition of his efforts .
6. the kids loved it , you can spend many hours playing with it. the threads are low quality to it function .
7. My granddaughter likes to create many crafts . This bracelet maker seemed to be an ideal gift to satisfy her ability .
8. Bought as a gift for teenager . She loves it . It 's a little complicated to get started , but once going she found it entertaining . I think regular floss will work when she needs a refill .
9. Kinda dinky . But novelty enough for a 6 year old . Wish they made more quality toys these days . I give it 8 months until its broke. at least it will teach her the concept and then she can move on to use a clip board .