Product ID: B009GSOR7O

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The majority of reviewers said that the boots were true to size or that they ran small, and that it was helpful to order a size up. Other reviewers said that the boots were comfortable and looked great, but that the quality was not very good and they did not last long. Some reviewers also mentioned that the boots had a strong chemical smell.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The product received mostly positive reviews, with people liking the style and fit of the boots. However, some reviewers noted that the boots ran small and that the smell of the fake leather was strong. There were also a few complaints about the quality of the boots, with some people saying that they only lasted for a couple of years.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
Size 10 is more like a size 9 but the quality of the boot is great .
The reason why I didn ' t give a 5 star is that I have worn them several times and each time the smell of the fake leather hasn ' t been worn away .
I would recommend getting one half - size higher than what you think would fit you .
I would recommend going up a half size or even a full size
I ordered these in a 9 and they were way too small - I would suggest going a 1 / 2 to a full size larger .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The majority of reviewers thought that the boots were well-made and looked good, but that they ran small and suggested ordering a size up. A few reviewers also mentioned that the boots had a strong chemical smell.

****** Reviews ******
1. It came in with the original box and was brand new . I would recommend getting one half-size higher than what you think would fit you .
2. Size 10 is more like a size 9 but the quality of the boot is great . The buckles are nice too
3. The reason why I didn 't give a 5 star is that I have worn them several times and each time the smell of the fake leather hasn 't been worn away . They have a very chemical smell . No one can go near my legs or feet after wearing them . Its like I took a bath in chemicals ...
4. Considering that these boots aren 't leather , they have done a fabulous job with wear and tear . They do run a little small but they form to your foot . These are WAY better than ANY costume boot in regards to quality .
5. Too small and they were not knee high boots they stopped at the ankle .. but thanks to Amazon i was to get a full refund
6. This is an amazing product , the boots are just a little bit tight on my feet but other than that they are great .
7. The boots where beautiful , they were a little tight fitting around my cafes , other than that they are perfect no complaints on anything else !
8. tons of fun. every guy i walk past , compliments these boots. they 're warm comfy and go with everything. my fav pair
9. Super cute but I normally wear a 9 and these were too snug . I would recommend going up a half size or even a full size
10. I had read other reviews indicating that the boots ran smaller than expected so I ordered one size larger than what I normally wear . They fit great and look amazing .
11. Love these boots but make sure you order a full size bigger , I 'm really glad I did and they fit just as my normal size would !
12. I ordered these in a 9 and they were way too small- I would suggest going a 1 / 2 to a full size larger . Other than that they shipped fast and looked identical to the pics ... i absolutely loved these .. but had to return due to the size ( they didnt have the next size available : ( )
13. They are way to small and highly uncomfortable and they broke within one day of wearing them . The buckles broke off
14. I purchased these for a costume . I ended up splitting the back seam down about 3-4 inches in order to fit over my calves . Definitely order up at least 1 - 2 sizes from what you normally wear .
15. I 'd give it no stars ... Size ten fit like a size eight .... Very unpleased , I wanted those boots very bad . Could not even zip the boot , let alone get my foot all theway in
16. THere is a chemical odor that lasts more than 3 days and the toe area the boot is very hard and snug . I wear a 71 / 2 and followed the advice of previous reviewers and ordered a size 10 . I will keep them and wait for the ordor to go away and wear them without socks because they are well made and attractive .
17. I was not sure about these at firat , as I didnt know if i liked the buckles , upon reveiving fell in love with them amd are now my go to pair to wear , looks great with jeggings , leggings , and skinmy jeans
18. I normally wear a size 7 , but the reviews were right , order Atleast a size or a size and a half bigger . The 8.5 fits perfect ! They are so cute and fit perfect just over my knee . A steal for only 35 $ ! ! Love them !
19. would have given these shoes a five star if i hadn 't been mislead by the size issue i got a size 71 / 2 because everyone seemed to think these shoes ran small but i really should have just went with my size 7 because these boots are too big now a 6 1 / 12 probably would have fit better anyway boots look good just to big
20. I am short . So this boots were way too long , the smell was really strong when I opened the box . I think for tall people it will work , they are cute , but didn 't work for me at all . The size I ordered 1 size bigger because I read the previous comments and it is true , they run small .
21. had to order a FULL size up other than that I LOVE them . I get a lot of compilments on them every time I wear them. they are very comfy .
22. They needed to be like a half size bigger but I have to say I love these boots I want all the colors of them
23. The quality of this shoes is ok . I recommend this boots , it looks nice and work with everything and any time .
24. They are really cute ! ! But I ordered brown in a size 7 and got black instead and they were wayto small so I returned them and should be getting my size 8 soon ! Hopefully in the right color .
25. these shoes were great , i loved how they looked and fit but they fell apart. not at all well made , didn 't last long at all. not worth the price
26. I have muscular calves and have trouble finding boots that fit , I was pleasantly surprised with these . They looked small but when I pulled them on the fit great .
27. The boots are really cute . I think that having the size of the calf listed would have helped us to know that it would / would not fit . Disappointed that my daughter was unable to wear them ...
28. I love the style . It does fit a little more snug than a usual 7.5 . They go great with leggings and skinny jeans !
29. lovely boots , i like them and been getting compliments , after reading the reviews i order a size bigger , they look very nice and will be ordering another pair .
30. Order a whole size larger . If you have big legs like me this might not be a good fit . The boots are very cute and they do go up over my knees
31. They are to small and I need a bigger size so I 'm disappointed because I really looked forward to wearing them and now I can 't .
32. In reading the other post prior to purchasing .. I ordered a half size larger ... they fit perfect . There is a somewhat strong chemically smell ... but I 'm hoping it will cease soon ...
33. I really love how these boots look . I have gotten a lot of compliments on them . I read the previous reviews and also recommend buying 1 size up for it to fit well . The reason I give it four stars instead of five is because they is a strong order when the boots arrived but the smell fades
34. Bear in mind I have only tried them on and worn them around the house so far , but they are definitely true to the picture and description . I hope they hold up well , I 'll update this after I wear them with my costume on Halloween !
35. Yeah they will only last two years and you do have to order size bigger then normal , but hell ya I love them and yes they are sexy . I went and bought both black and brown . Now to get my sisters from stealing them .
36. Rain , snow , slush proof.Comfortable , fits perfectly.Absolutely nothing wrong with them.Make sure you actually read the sizing and you 'll get the most amazing pair of boots.Badass !
37. I have been looking for over the knee boots . Love these ! I would buy them again . Wish they were thicker material . But still great boots
38. The shoes are fine . They looked a bit nicer in the image , but overall they 're fine . The pleather is a little smelly at first ( kind of like gasoline ) but it fades shortly after wearing them . I don 't envision the pleather lasting terribly long , so try not to nik them !
39. I ordered these for a halloween costume and wear them all the time . The fit great and are vary comfortable .
40. These look just like the picture . I bought for a pirate costume and they look great ! Only problem is that they run a little small . I am a solid 9 and they are a little bit tight , so I won 't be able to wear socks with them . I hope that a little of the tightness goes away in time for Gasparilla .
41. i love them its hard to find boots i love thank you looking forward to showing them off when i go out lol
42. I have been looking for a pair of over the kneew boots , since I 'm short and have large thighs I was worried if these would fit , but they do ... yay ! ! ! ! they are very comfortable although I don 't often wear flats . I cant wait for the weather to get cooler so that I can rock these ! ! !
43. I followed the reviews and bought a size different than my usual and they fit perfectly . Really comfortable yet I 've already broken the inner lining with my hell . Oops .
44. Seriously , so yourself a favor and buy these . I ordered mine a full size bigger and they fit perfectly . I even have rather chubby legs and I didn 't have a single issue with that either . I got more compliments on these boots than any other shoe I have ever worn , so get yourself a pair !
45. These came in and they are beautiful but they are too tight ... I am going to look into stretching them .