Product ID: B00A45ER8W

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The Diplomat Watch Winder is a good, affordable product that works well and is quiet. There are some manufacturing defects, but overall it is a good value for the price. There are some issues with the size of the watch holders, but overall it is a good product.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviewers generally found the Diplomat Watch Winder to be a good product, with some mixed reviews. Some people thought it was a good value for the price, while others found it to be cheaply made with some manufacturing defects. There also seems to be some confusion about how to properly use it.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
The Diplomat Watch Winder is attractive , quiet and works as designed .
It has 4 settings including 320 , 864 , 1080 , and 2160 TPD .
It looks OK , was the least expensive two - watch winder I found , and has worked perfectly for the couple of weeks I 've had it .
Boy was I wrong , if you have medium sized wrists , or smaller , then none of your watches will work with this winder , since the holders are too big.Look elsewhere instead of relying on the measly description from Amazon and save yourself the headache of having to return it .
If you 're not looking for " a piece of furniture " that looks like it costs hundreds of dollars , this is the product for you .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The Diplomat Watch Winder is an attractive and quiet product that works as designed. It has 4 settings and looks OK. Some people have had trouble with the size of the watch holders, but others have found that it works well for them. The product is a good deal for the price.

****** Reviews ******
1. The Diplomat Watch Winder is attractive , quiet and works as designed . It looks like a small speaker . It has 4 settings including 320 , 864 , 1080 , and 2160 TPD . I am using the 864 and it keeps my Invicta watch going . A great buy .
2. If you 're not looking for " a piece of furniture " that looks like it costs hundreds of dollars , this is the product for you . It looks OK , was the least expensive two-watch winder I found , and has worked perfectly for the couple of weeks I 've had it . It is absolutely silent when it rotates , just adding to its worth .
3. Awesome . Super quiet and elegant for the price . Great deal . Would reccomend to those on a budget . Great gift as well .
4. I thought this would be a universal size watch winder with the common spring loaded holders . Boy was I wrong , if you have medium sized wrists , or smaller , then none of your watches will work with this winder , since the holders are too big.Look elsewhere instead of relying on the measly description from Amazon and save yourself the headache of having to return it .
5. Arrived on time . Worked fine and easy to use . Would recommend this product to anyone else looking for a simple device .
6. was happy to receive it. very quiet when moving.only negative feedback on this product is unable to slot ladies watches
7. Works well except for the timing device . Some watches need more winding than this product allows . Best ratio of winding time to off time is 1 hour on and 3 off .
8. works quite well ; priced right ; we have had it for more than 6 mths and watches still keep same time in it
9. The new Diplomat ( keep in mind I had one for years ) has inserts that are much larger than before so my maatches DO NOT fit on the inserts so they can rotate and keep time . I am searching for a new manufacturer and have now ordered a VERSA .
10. Great deal for the price ! My husband and I were a bit skeptical but turned out to be just what we needed . Good product .
11. Product works well . If you ’ re a beginner automatic watch collector like me then you can ’ t go wrong with this . It beats winding and re-setting your watch after a day or two of not wearing it .
12. It is working well after I purchsed it six weeks ago , but very noisy . I could not put in my bedroom , but my study . The device makes some weired noise while rotating some times scared me when I forget its existence . The noise sounds ghostly .
13. It covers all the needs of automatic watches , with several programs and rotates in both directions . Great value for money .
14. Nice product that functions as designed . While winding large watches , it tends to make a " clunking " noise as the mechanism turns and scrapes the edges leaving plastic shavings on the adapter and watch .
15. The plastic watch holder ( one of the two detachable spring loaded holders ) was broken when arrived. i think it 's QC problem .
16. Although this isn 't the best looking item on my dresser , I am certainly happy with its performance so far . I read some of the other reviews suggesting that the winder may have durability issues , but in the early going I have to say it works perfectly . And relative to competing products it is a very good value .
17. It 's Ok . You get what you pay for , chinese stuff . Regardless of setting , 1 of my watches stops after a day .
18. This watch winder has some minor manufacturing defects and the side is slightly misaligned . If the strap is too short , it doesn 't fit the holder and thus not suitable for ladies watch .
19. Works great and very quiet . You have to use trial and error to determine the proper setting for your watches . I keep 2 self winding watches in it and they are always ready to use .
20. It works well with my self winding watches . You have to work with the best setting for the watches . It is a real STEAL at that price .
21. Price is right . Looks good . However after only one day of use it started a low pitch knocking noise enough to wake me up in the middle of the night . I have moved the winder to a different site .
22. serve the purpose and the price is good cos i cannot find the same in singapore . just hope the mechanism will last. will definitely order again .
23. I bought this right before I went to sea for two months and the watches where keeping time when I came home . I wish the ship was as quiet when I am sleeping as when the motor is turning .
24. Did not work properly . Was cheaply made and smelled like burnt electrical wires . Sent back and ordered from a different supplier .
25. Best value for the money , it offers 3 very effective modes of operation . My watches are always ready to useAndre
26. Good device . My watches round and continue show right time . But one little thing . It produce a noise when rotate .
27. Some noise when the winder is at work , sound like knocking of the watch holder to the winder . Solve the problem by adding a piece of cloth when putting the watch holder back onto the winder .
28. It 's very good and very quiet , in all I 've bought 15 of it for friends and relatives thumbs up 👍
29. So far so good . Motor is silent . Works well with big and small automatic watches . Looks are adequate , but like the practicality .
30. Have had the unit for a couple months now and it works great and is extremely quiet . Would definitely buy this one again ! !
31. Came without any paperwork . I suspect it may have been a refurb . It also made clicking noises with every rotation . Made of cheap plastic as well . It 's a " you get what you pay for " purchase . Don 't buy unless your half deaf and a really sound sleeper !
32. I love the winder since I was looking for a similar product but this one has a capacity of two watches in which will give you a free space in order if you have a second watch or planning to buy a second one
33. This stacked Diplomat winder is cool . I place two over sized sellita sw 200 watches in the winder , and they fit nice . So far , so good ..
34. Features are good . Good workmanship . Except motor sound level slightly high especially in a quiet room . Durability not known yet as it is still new .
35. this thing works great ! has several different options of winding , plus counter and clockwise ! use it on my rolex submariner and it works awesome !
36. it wasnt working so i returned it . But its too much of plastic . Its nice for cheap watches only imo.Dont expect much from a winder with that price tag .