Product ID: B00ANKOP1W

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews say that the product is very pretty, and that it is a perfect Easter dress for a newborn baby. They also recommend hand-washing the dress, as the lace can come apart in the washing machine.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people praising the appearance of the product and saying that it fit well. There were a few negative reviews, with one person saying the dress fell apart after being washed and another saying the pants were too small. Overall, people seemed to be happy with the product.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
It was a very cute dress !
It 's a very beautiful dress and soft for a newborns skin .
This will be my grand daughter 's come home outfit when she is born in September .
This dress will be an Easter Dress for my Great GrandaughterThen we are saveing the dress for her first new born baby doll .
I think that 's a great idea .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were generally positive, with reviewers praising the dress for being cute, beautiful, perfect for newborns, and a great value. There were a few negative reviews, with some reviewers finding the dress to be too small or poorly made.

****** Reviews ******
1. Outfit is even prettier in person ! This will be my grand daughter 's come home outfit when she is born in September .
2. It was a very cute dress ! Even though it was slightly large for my 7 pound 8 oz baby , it fit much better than other newborn dresses that I got her . I definitely recommend .
3. This was a fast delievery ... This dress will be an Easter Dress for my Great GrandaughterThen we are saveing the dress for her first new born baby doll .. I think that 's a great idea .. Love doing business with you Nannettek
4. Lovely , beautiful , I 'm loving it ! My daughter wore this the day we were living the hospital , and every one love it ...
5. I bought this dress as a gift and the person who received it liked it a lot . It looks really cute . I gave it four stars because the panty seems to be a little small , if you consider it goes over a diaper .
6. This dress was perfect for my daughter 's 6 month photos ! She is petite for her age so the 3-6M fit her perfectly . The lace and tulle are very nice as well . I love this dress !
7. this was a take home outfit for my 14th grandchild , She will be here in December , cant wait to see her in it
8. Dress was very pretty but never was worn . We prewash clothes before we put on baby to wear . Dress was washed in gentle cycle and the lace around dress came apart . I recommend you hand wash .
9. This dress was for our daughters first Eaters and it was so much more than we thought it would be . She was less than a month old and it fit her just right . We are saving it for her to use for a doll when she 's bigger . It 's a very beautiful dress and soft for a newborns skin .