Product ID: B00CHS82BC

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mixed for this product. Some people loved it and others did not. The main complaints were that it ran small and the material was not what people were expecting.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The reviews were helpful and noted that the dress ran a little small, so ordering a size up is recommended. People were satisfied with the overall quality and fit of the dress and liked that it was lightweight and provided coverage. There were some complaints about the material being thin and not as expected.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
I love the color green and the material is great quality much better than what I buy for more money .
I usually wear a US size 8 / 10 and this LG fits me perfectly .
As earlier reviews suggested , I ordered a size up and it fit perfectly !
It does run a little small so I bought it a size bigger and it fits just right .
However the material was very thin and didn ' t feel like what I was expecting .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews were mostly positive, with people liking the color, fit, and style of the dress. However, some people found the material to be thin and not of great quality, and others felt that the dress ran small and suggested ordering a size up. Overall, people were happy with the dress and thought it was a great buy.

****** Reviews ******
1. The reviews were really helpful for this dress . It does run a little small so I bought it a size bigger and it fits just right . I got several compliments when I wore it 😊
2. I ordered this dress for a trip to Morocco because I needed something with coverage but was lightweight . As earlier reviews suggested , I ordered a size up and it fit perfectly ! Overall , very satisfied with this product !
3. I usually wear a US size 8 / 10 and this LG fits me perfectly . I love the color green and the material is great quality much better than what I buy for more money .
4. It must just run small ... it 's not really stretchy only around the chest area . I love this dress but I wish I would 've ordered a size bigger .
5. It 's not easy to find a maxi dress that provides coverage with a high neckline AND sleeves so I was excited to find this though I was cautiously optimistic about the quality & fit given the pretty affordable price . However , no regrets --- this was a GREAT buy !
6. I really like this product ! I wore it for Easter with a sweater over it . Very cute and comfy ! Can be dressy or casual .
7. I got a lot of compliments on this dress every time I wore it . The color is very soft aquamarine . The dress feels good on .
8. The color of this dress was nice . The fit was what I expected . However the material was very thin and didn 't feel like what I was expecting . I was disapointed in the way it looked on me . I loved the length but other than that I just didn 't like it . So it was returned .
9. I wasn 't sure I would like the color ... I always go for a very non colorful option . I liked the color but will need to have some shoes that will go with it better .