Product ID: B00CBX9ICK

------ Summary by gpt3-amazon ------
The reviews for this product were mostly negative, with reviewers finding that the quality of the bag was poor and that it did not match the description or picture. Some reviewers also noted that the bag arrived late, and that the hardware was missing on arrival.
------ Summary by gpt3-ml-amazon-ll ------
The product was made of cheap materials and arrived broken, according to most reviewers. It was also not as advertised, and many found it to be too small and not worth the price. A few liked it, but the majority did not.
------ Summary by qfsumm-amazon ------
This was a poor poor choice the bag feel plastic it is super ugly .
Very disappointed in the quality of the bag .
Poorly made the material it was made from looks like plastic
Looks like plastic and the color is different than in the pic .
I am just not a fan of the material it is made of .
------ Summary by qfsumm-gpt3-amazon ------
The majority of reviewers were unhappy with the product, finding it to be made of cheap materials and not at all as pictured. Many also had issues with the purse breaking soon after purchase. A few reviewers were happy with the style and price of the purse, but still found it to be made of cheap materials.

****** Reviews ******
1. I paid extra to get this bag quicker and it was still late . It looks nothing like the picture . Very disappointed in the quality of the bag .
2. Was not at all what the picture had looked like . Poorly made the material it was made from looks like plastic
3. I love the style of the bag , it is super cute ! I am just not a fan of the material it is made of . Still it is very adorable .
4. This was a poor poor choice the bag feel plastic it is super ugly . Came all the way from China and I regret this buy . I would advise you not to buy this bag .
5. This was a great purchase and I enjoy using it and I hope to see it in black one day because it would be part of my purse collection
6. What you see is not always what you get . This is something a child 12 or under would carry . Not Happy
7. The bag was pleather , not at all what the picture showed . I wouldn 't recommend any one buying this bag . Didn 't help that the latch was broken upon arrival .
8. Picture of item looks more like leather than the product actually looks when received . Looks like plastic and the color is different than in the pic. but what can you expect for $ 32.00
9. THE PURSE DID NO LOOK LIKE THE ONE IN THE PICTURE , YOU HAD TO ADD THE HARDWARE . I DON 'T THINK ITWAS WORTH $ 31.00 . I HAVE BOUGHT BETTER QUALITY LOOKING PURSES AT THE USED STORED . VERY DISSAPPOINTED .
10. Broke . Magnet fell off , cross body strap broke . Lining is cheap . Again I am aim of three so money for me doesn 't come by very easy so I treated myself for my birthday and now I have nothing but a broken purse . Bummed .
11. it is ok , I love the color and style but it is too big , too bad the price was great .
12. I don 't usually do reviews .... but feel like I should because this purse was so ugly . The color was a mustardy brown and it was plastic looking . It looks absolutely nothing like the picture . Not worth returning overseas so it went right into the trash sadly . Do not invest in this purse ! !
13. This bag looks NOTHING like the photo ! ! The leather is cheap and smells ! ! Very manipulative with the picture ! I should have read the reviews before ordering this bag ! And it definitely got returned ! ! ITS A GOOD PRICE BECAUSE ITS A CHEAP BAG ! !
14. This bag was not the bag sent tome , it looked cheap and not what the picture look like . I would not recommend it to anyone
15. I purchased this bag because I love large , leather bags . When I opened the package , the purse has a horrible smell . It isn 't the smell of leather , but another smell . Somewhat disappointed because I can 't use it .
16. I purchase this bag for my daughter , it looks nothing like what it did online , plastic and cheap not happy with it
17. It is really Great and I really love it.Big and great PU.It came faster than I expected and is just like it was described .
18. This is not the bag that you are going to receive . It took a month to get the bag and then the bag that was sent was UGLY . Not the same color no where near the image in the picture . The pic is beautiful ! So just admire the pic and save the trouble of receiving a bag that you didn 't want .