I was checking if some keyword extraction method/topic prediction model faster than GPT-3
could be used for collating similar statements.

Format: extracted-keyword (aspect-closest-to-keyword) : statement

Ojas' paper uses TF-IDF:
"
For each document in CNN/DM, we calculate the most important tokens in that document 
 according to their TF-IDF ranking with respect to the entire corpus. Of these tokens,
 we select the ones that are present in the reference summary. This process selects 
 tokens that are more likely to be consequential in affecting the output summary.
"
This often picks nouns like the Hotel name or the Country due to high IDF. Besides, words
like "room" are very common in reviews so are given low weights.
Selecting tokens that are in the reference summary is skipped.

I tried KeyBERT (https://github.com/MaartenGr/KeyBERT).

Observations:
1) Generic words like "hotel" are often picked up as keywords. That's not wrong,
just useless in this aspect. Example:
- hotel (rooms) : Staff were friendly enough nice,modern,clean, and spacious room 
-  the only falt was that the rooms were very dark ther were only spotlights that were 
-  extremely dull but overall we enjoyed our stay and would definetly recommend this hotel 
-  as the location is great :) 

2) Keywords are often not representative-
rome (none) : The staff can speak English well and loves to provide us useful information about Rome.
walk (none) : The nice staff suggested us to visit the colosseo by walk and showed us how to get there.


-----------
Here are some reference GPT-3 assignments of topics to sentences (4-shot):
hotel (rooms) : We found the Doubletree to be good for what we needed- a place to 
 stay when our plane arrived late and we didn't want to start driving anywhere 
 until the next day.
airport (location) : The airport shuttle was very good- better than other hotels 
 I have stayed in.
fountains (cleanliness) : It seemed to ALWAYS be running, and was very convenient.
airport (location) : We took the shuttle from the airport, and then back again to 
 pick up our rental car (save the parking fee).
hotel (rooms) : The hotel was fine- a big hotel by the airport.
things (none) : I didn't expect much, but some things were better than average.
view (location) : The view we had was of some large trees and some people's backyards- 
 better than the parking lot for us (but I wouldn't want to live there!).
cookies (food) : The cookies are, of course, one of our favorite things about the 
 Doubletree chain.
business (service) : If I had been wanting to stay for more than one night, be close 
 to anything interesting (other than the artificially created world of SEATAC), or 
 wanted to get some business done, this would not have been the best hotel.
airport (location) : But it is fine for what it is- a quick, convenient, comfortable stay 
 by the airport.
conventions (none) : One thing to think about- this hotel is used by a lot of conventions.
agents (none) : When we were there, there were a bunch of real estate agents who were 
 getting a bit rowdy.
noise (none) : We couldn't hear them in our room (thankfully), but they were pretty loud 
 throughout the hotel.
hotel (rooms) : The hotel is big and busy, so it always feels like there is some 
 commotion going on in the common areas.
booking (location) : We did book directly on the Hilton chain website and got a rate of about $89.
reviews (none) : It looks from other reviews here like you may be able to do better on 
 Priceline if you don't want your Hilton points.

They are better, but not super good.