1. I stayed here for one night for a short business trip with meetings in Dallas downtown. This was part of the Starwood Luxury Collection, but having been dissappointed many times before, I did not expect much. Turns out I was way wrong. This was probably one of the best Starwod properties I have stayed in the last year. The hotel is about 40 minutes from DFW airport in downtown Dallas. Check in staff was extremely courteous and actually escorted me to the elevators (instead of saying "turn left, then right..." as the front deks often does). The front deks area is not huge, but has a farily open seating and meeting place. The room was spacious enough, with a big glass wall on the outside, a 42" flat screen TV, and terrific lighting arrangements that allowed you to adjust the brightness in various parts of the room. The bed was very comfy. Everything was clean and well maintained. The bath and toilet were divided into two separate rooms, and the sink area was separate. This can be useful for couples staying in the room. There was a complimentary bottle of water, and toiletries were top notch. There was a nice collection of magazines in a rack next to the toilet bowl! Internet cost the usual $12 to $14 a day. Just one downside. The area around the hotel isn't exactly swanky. There are a lot of office buildings, but the place really seems to die down after 5 PM. There is a Neiman Marcus and a decent Mexican restaurant next door, but there's also a boarded up building.
2. We were staying only one night and were most looking forward to lounging leisurely next to the beautiful pool on Sunday afternoon. When the elevator opened on the floor of the pool, we could already hear and feel the bass from the LOUD music and crowd. The pool was completely packed with drunk, tattooed twenty-somethings like spring break in Daytona. None of these partiers were paying hotel guests, but they were definitely treated better than any of the guests we saw there. We immediately left. Later that night we returned to the hotel patio and wanted a simple meal. Since the squid and quail eggs on their menu did not sound good, one of our group walked across the street to order some Food and bring it over. We were barked at by the manager twice for bringing in outside food eve though we were buying their pricey drinks and paying for rooms there. They finally were ok with the outside food once they realized we were NOT moving it and were still quite unhappy about the pool situation. On a side note, the executive chef of the restaurant did come out to see us and was the only pleasant person we spoke to. While we will still never return to this hotel, the chef did make that evening a bit better.
3. The Joule was a great hotel to stay at in Dallas. When we first arrived there was tea and cookies in the lobby waiting for all of the guest, with a fantastic array of decorations in the lobby. When we spoke to one of the front desk clerks they said it used to be a bank and it was to be designed along the lines of natural elements such as wind and water. When we got to our room it was very modern and high tech with all of the light switches and lamp knobs. However, we didn't reserve a handicap room but got oen anyway with two beds. The shower was GREAT, the beds were GREAT but the view was looking at airconditioners which didn't bother us because we weren't looking out that much. Also the maids probably need to consider dusting in the bathroom lights becuase they were covered in dust! We ate breakfest downstairs at Charlie Palmer which was one of the best hotel breakfest experiences I have ever had. The service was amazing and the food was amazing.
4. After reading all of the brilliant reviews on The Joule, I selected it for my wedding night. My husband and I booked a suite for three nights. When I booked the suite, I advised the hotel that this would be for my wedding. I again advised them when I checked in. The big white dress later that night was a dead giveaway. What I received is exactly what was listed for the room. Nothing more, nothing less. The impeccable treatment such as thoughtful notes, champagne, or other niceties were no where to be found. All in all, this hotel was nothing special with a high price tag. My stay at the Magnolia around the corner for the preceding two nights was far more pleasant for $150 less a night.
5. I spent 2 nights in the St. Regis in Houston prior to coming to this hotel. The Joule is not luxurious in comparison and not sure why Starwood has it branded as such. This is a W Hotel wanna-be for the over 40 set. The rooms are tiny and open like most W's and the focus on being trendy, not on customer service nor amenities. Designer soap in the bathroom does not a luxury hotel make. This hotel has a very cramped feel. Be warned, the building next door is under construction (which I am sure is temporary). It is clear this hotel has no loading dock or alley because while I was eating dinner at the award winning restaurant downstairs (Charlie Palmer's) I had big trucks pulling up within 10 ft of my table loading and unloading big crates of towels (I learned they outsource their linens) and other large pieces of equipment. It really ruined the experience for me. The pool was nice as was the fitness center but with tiny cramped rooms, lack of customer service (I tried calling the desk 3 times and never go through) and the loading dock at the front of the building, I wouldn't recommend it.
6. My girlfriend and I decided on this hotel for a short weekend trip to Dallas. From the pictures posted online we thought we were in for a treat. Don't let the historic/old look of this hotels exterior fool you. The inside is very modern and sleek. Very intimate. We stayed in the Penthouse Suite and the service and the room was perfect. The bathroom was clean and beautiful. The master bedroom was beautiful, comfortable and had great views of downtown Dallas. If you are headed to Dallas this is a great hotel in a great city.
7. Stayed here for a leisure weekend. Downtown area around it is sort of dead... the structure itself is a period building, renovated into a boutique hotel. Lobby is very nice, if a bit "tries to hard" and dark. Restaurant very nice for breakfast. Rooms also nice, well-maintained, if again trying a bit too hard - one almost feels like this hotel is screaming "yes, I know its Dallas, but Dallas can be trendy too!". I wasn't crazy about the way the bathroom is a bit open to the room. Very nice and helpful staff. Would certainly recommend any one stay here.
8. We stayed two nights at the Joule. We certainly did not get recognised for an upgrade as a Starwood Gold Member. This hotel would have been adequate if the room price was much less. You get no view . I opened my curtains to a view of the construction site. We complained and they just moved us to an even smaller room with the same view. The staff are all young and good looking with little knowledge of service expectations. The gym is in desperate need of an upgrade. I was so amazed at the rust on the equipment. I took a photo of it with my camera. I have stayed in the finest resorts in the world and Starwood has placed this hotel in their Luxury Collection. It needs to be removed ASAP. It might be where the young people of Texas go to spend their money on dinner and drinks in the bar but its not the place to stay overnight. The only service which was spot on was the car parking service and staff. The turn down service was another amazing experience. I had a rather loud banging on my door to find a maid who said (Who spoke little english) 'downturn you have ice". She then handed me a bag , yes a bag of ice. I took it with astonishment.. if ice is all the guests want from this hotel it says it all about the culture this hotel is trying to achieve. No refund on items we complained about.
9. I came to The Joule with a friend for my 21st birthday and had an incredible stay. Besides the carpet being a damp when we arrived it was perfect! Service was wonderful and the grilled cheese is to die for in room service. You must lay by the gorgeous pool as well. Most definitely the best hotel in Dallas!
10. I thought the Joule was an awesome hotel. There are a lot of pluses - the feel, the location, the pool, Charlie Palmer, the service, the workout facilities. The minor negatives are half hearted negatives. 1 - the hotel smells great but it is a little strong for me. It was almost as if the hotel lobby and elevators were wearing cologne and it was a good scent but I am a little sensitive to scents so it was a little strong for me but was nice when walking in from the street. 2 - We stayed in the Demi-Joule room and it was very small. Didn't really bother us because it was laid out well but if we had been there a number of days and spent them in the room, it would have gotten cramped. Back to the good things. The Joule has a modern feel kind of like the W but it is warmer feeling and more comforatble than the W. The pool at the Joule is amazing and is actually where they film the outdoor bar scenes for ABC's The Deep End which is the show is set in LA but is actually filmed in Dallas. Charlie Palmer (the Joule's in house restaurant) is whole other raving review waiting to happen. The food was amazing! Until recently the center of Main Street in Dallas has not been the most amazing location in Dallas to stay, but the Joule is turning into an anchor location with the downtown Nieman Marcus a couple blocks in one direction and the JFK memorial a couple blocks in the other and about 6 or 7 popular restaurants surrounding the hotel. I would definitely recommend the Joule.
11. I stayed at The Joule for an extended amount of time throughout the summer. When deciding on where to stay for my training I was looking for a clean, upper scale hotel with exceptional service. Well, I picked the right one. EVERYONE I met there was extraordinarily nice to me. Some of the few that stand out would be Danielle, Jessica, and Katie at the front desk. Also Brendan and Craig were the best, they would bend over backwards to accommodate me. I would recommend this hotel to anyone; it is clean, luxurious and has out of this world service. - Mr. Ray
12. I read the reviews before I went so I addressed some of the service issues beforehand. My boyfriend and I stayed there for his birthday and I wanted everything to be perfect. Jessica, the front desk manager, was great. Their new GM is aware of the service issues they have had and he is working to turn it around. We were treated very well. They had a bottle of champagne,yummy chocolates and a cheese platter in the room. We stayed in one of the lofts and initially had some temperature issues but they were addressed quickly. The room was fantastic. Well decorated, sleek and modern. They have the top of the line Beautyrest mattress which was really comfortable. Two of the three bathrooms had huge walk in showers and double showerheads. The owner is an art collector so the lobby was decorated with pieces from his own personal collection. There is a sustainable energy theme in the hotel and Jessica and Brandon gave us the background story. If you go ask the front desk about it. Charlie Palmers is connected to the hotel and it is excellent. The sommelier at Charlie Palmers, Brandon was awesome. He coordinated with NOKA Chocolates for a private wine and chocolate pairing on Saturday afternoon. The pool area was packed and we had a cabana reserved for us. The pool is small but they keep it very cool and refreshing. It had a mini-Vegas poolside vibe. Their nightclub, PM, manages the pool area. We had opportunity to go to PM that night as well. We got the red carpet treatment. They had initially reserved us a table but when we got there it had been given away. They apologized profusely and comped us all our drinks. I would say that this place is worth a chance despite the reviews. The staff seems very willing to hear feedback and make it better. We had a lovely, relaxing weekend.
13. Went to Joule for anniversary get-away. Brand new hotel which is nice since so many hotels do not update once they are a little older. Very contemporary hotel but classy. We considered Ritz and Mansion on Turtle Creek but happily choice Joule. Service is hit or miss. They had free bottle of wine and chocolates in our room for our anniversary which was nice but I had to ask 3 times for ice bucket (it is small hotel so there are no ice machines on the floors). When I checked out they double billed for the room (once in my name and once in my wife's) and the guy at desk said they had had problems with that happening. There is Charlie Palmer restaurant in hotel but is not owned by hotel. Charlie Palmer cooks the room service menu but it is different menu than restaurant and didn't look as good (no foie gras). We ordered take out from Charlie Palmer and they even provided us plates and silverware. This was nice because we got the food we wanted, didn't have to worry about it being cold and got to watch UT kick Missouri's [----]. Location is in middle of downtown but lots of activities close by. Check out Iron Cactus for a drink - they have 3rd story rooftop bar that is really nice if weather is good. Also for the ladies one of Dallas' best spas (Sedona - lady's only) is across the street but make sure and get appointment in advance as my wife couldn't get same day appointment on Saturday. The hotel can arrange for in room or couples massage from Sedona. Also try brunch at Bread Winner's Cafe - just a short 3 miles away. We had dinner at Nobu which is in Crescent Court which was really good too.
14. We went to the Joule as a treat for our anniversary. The hotel is gorgeous and our room was clean, modern, and just as I expected a Luxury Starwood Hotel should be. The staff was friendly from the time I made arrangements over the phone w/ the concierge (prior to our arrival) through the time we left the hotel. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars (if I could it would be 4.75) on "Service" is b/c they weren't so timely on pre-arranged room service...we asked for it by a certain time and it arrived about a half hour later. None-the-less, it was still delicious! You must try their signature desserts, the peanut butter bar...YUM!
15. My wife and I celebrated our anniversary this weekend. We received prompt and courteous service at check-in, and arrived to find an extremely nice well appointed room. Their fitness facilities were nice with plenty of aerobic equipment and a enough weights to get in a nice workout. The rooftop pool was very relaxing. An Infinity pool hangs over Main Street providing for a unique panorama of downtown Dallas. The Joule staff suprised us with a complimentary bottle of champagne upon our return from the pool. This was a great suprise and much appreciated. The hotel is in a nice location with good access to some great restaurants. We definitely look foward to returning to this downtown Dallas gem.
16. A colleague and I flew into Dallas to meet with some vendors and came across this hotel through Starwood. It is unlike any Starwood I have stayed at and we were delighted to have a boutique experience with the perks of a Starwood hotel. The rooms were pretty tight, but were definitely comfy and unique. (I felt a little like I was on a cruise ship.) Very modern and fun place, loved all the amenities and decor. Swam at the pool on the roof one day and had breakfast in the restaurant. Everything was great.
17. Stayed at the Joule for my anniversary with my husband. The hotel room was pristine and beautiful, and the staff was extremely friendly and polite (not at all condescending which can sometimes occur in a high-end hotel like this). I agree with one reviewer that the outside club noise was a bit excessive, but that's the price for the great locale! My only real negative was that I'm an avid swimmer and the pool was closed for a private party from approx 6 pm until 10 the evening of our stay. The management opened the pool later (10-midnight) so we decided to try it then. Not only was no one swimming in the pool - but all of the "beautiful people" - I assume from the evening's party - were still hanging around in cocktail dresses and sportcoats. Needless to say, I felt very out of place in my suit w/my husband's shirt as a cover-up (I forgot mine) so we turned tail and left. Still, overall we had a wonderful experience.
18. The Joule is touted as a luxury property. I would say for us, it was beyond luxury! I've stayed in numerous properties of this caliber over the last 25 years on business so I know what I'm talking about. On this occasion however, I went for pleasure. We were greeted at the curb by 3 very friendly bell staff. In less than 30 seconds we were unloaded, vehicle whisked away for parking. We walked to the front desk and were promptly greeted by name, wished a happy anniversary complete with a champagne toast and our room keys. Dinner at Charlie Palmer's was terrific and it finished with an anniversary card of sorts with a message spelled in chocolate at the top of our unbelievably rich Peanut Butter Bar - which btw, was practically a religious experience! The concierge drove us herself to the symphony when it was apparent that there was a traffic snafu that could render us late. Upon our return our suite was adorned with rose petals, chilled champagne and a basket of fruit. Loved. the. shower. All of the staff appeared to really like their jobs. It was more than your usual hotel staff friendliness, it was an attitude of liking what they did. The only down-side for us (because we're not as young as we used to be) was the night life (we were there on a Friday night) on the street kicks in at about midnight and continues with great enthusiasm until about 4am. Had we been paying attention though, we could have asked for a room on the back side of the hotel when we made our reservation. Would I recommend the Joule to others? Well the fact that 3 days later I was wishing I was there again should answer the question. YES! Great property in a downtown location.
19. I stay in Dallas quite a bit for business and this is one of two hotels I frequent (W is the other). The service at the Joule is great--everyone is also willing to help out and is very welcoming. The rooms are pretty standard for a luxury hotel; I'm SPG platinum and find I get a suite upgrade more often at the W but rarely at the Joule. The gym is okay, but somewhat small. The pool is also small, but it does have a great view of downtown. Location is good, there are lots of restaurant options nearby. Overall I'd recommend the W over the Joule but they are both great hotels.
20. You can read more about it on my blog: http://travel.bauzas.com/2011/12/21/hotel-review-united-states-of-america-texas-dallas-the-joule/. I used to stay at the W as it is a higher category but after some incidents I'm staying at the Joule from now on. I was pleased to find out it is actually a better hotel overall and sad I didn't discover this sooner.
21. This is a great hotel to visit. The staff for the most part are excellent and helpful. For the most part the staff doesnt have all the attitude that the W staff does. Some of the younger front desk staff tend to be a little snooty. but for the most part, the staff is excellent. The concierge is very helpful and knows his stuff. The manager of the attached restaurantis also really helpful and provides excellent service - even though the restaurant is independently managed. The rooms are awesome except for the lack of privacy in the toilets that others have mentioned. The view from the lower floors is kinda cruddy and the street noise might get loud on the weekend. Overall, can't wait to come back.
22. I had a fantastic experience staying at the Joule. I took my boyfriend their for a staycation for his birthday. They upgraded us to a suite free of charge, brought in cupcakes, a special beer and were of ongoing assistance through out the stay, helping to make his birthday a great day and full of surprises. I truly appreciated how thorough they were in handling my requests and following up with me to ensure that I knew everything was taken care of. In addition to all of their extra assistance and care, the facilities are phenomenal. The pool is great, it has great night life, and the rooms and beds are great! That bed is the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever stayed in. This hotel receives my strongest recommendation!
23. I stay at the Joule 3 to 4 nights a week each week as I commute to Dallas. The staff is fantastic - Neil and Myron at the Front Desk always make me feel Welcome and Gus at the Valet provides a level of service rarely seen at any hotel. The decor is unique and the room layouts take a little getting used to, but I would highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure. Additionally, if you want a quick bite while on the road - the bar at Charlie Palmer's offers a great menu for the solo diner.
24. I am local to the area and on the recommendation of a co-worker, i stayed at the Joule instead of Zaza. From the minute I pulled into the hotel, it was nothing but first class service and a professional knowledgable staff. We ate at the restaurant before we were going to go out and the food was amazing and the service was second to none. I know that from Jennifer that checked us in with her welcoming smile we would have a good time. Craig is a knowledge person of the area and helped so much with all of our questions. I will be back again and recommend the switch to all my friends. Zaza is out and the Joule is the place to be
25. I recently stayed at the Joule with some colleagues of mine. We were in town for the week and it was our first trip to Dallas. Craig was very knowledgable and helpful with everything, from finding a suitable conference room for our meetings to finding the perfect meal in town! I will be staying at the Joule again thanks to Craig and his outstanding customer service and ample knowledge of Dallas and the metroplex.
26. This is one of our favorite hotels in Dallas for our Staycation weekends, its literally a hotel you never have to live and can live without a car for a weekend. Which in Dallas going without a car for a weekend is a rarity. You can walk next door to iron cactus for bfast and lunch, then eat dinner at the ultra swanky Charlie Palmer. You can finish the night off by going to the basement to the PM lounge for a night cap or walk a few blocks to half a dozen other clubs.
27. The accomodations were wonderful, the canti-levered pool was gorgeous and the lobby ultra chiq...but the best attribute by far was the care and attention to detail given by Henry and the valet staff! Always curteous and extremely helpful, they went above and beyond in getting us where we nneded to go and on time!! Thank you for a fabulous weekend and hats off to Henry and the entire valet staff and their "bloody good" service! !
28. We have set up many group stays with The Joule and have always been very satisfied! Our contact, Jessica Craycraft, is very professional and is always eager to assist with our requests. Our guests are typically on the younger side, but everyone at the hotel has always treated them with the utmost of respect. The warm, modern feel of the hotel is a big hit with our guests! They also love the pool area that overlooks Main street! I would defintely recommend The Joule for group stays!
29. We just returned from a week-end get away for our anniversary at the Joule. We were very impressed with the service and attention to detail. We were upgraded from a regular deluxe room to a Loft Suite and even received a bottle of champagne. All I can say is.....AMAZING. Charlie Palmers is a wonderful restaurant and also supplys room service. Staff is incredible. Danielle and Gregory were always there for whatever we needed. Truly a luxury week-end.
30. Great hotel interiors, dark moody decor in rooms. We stayed in a Junior Suite and it was well equipped. The actual floor space is less than other hotels, but still sufficient. Having said at, the bathroom was big, and really nice. Dark and moody still. The concierge was very helpful with organizing assistance and cars etc, by email before we arrived. The actual service at the front desk seemed a bit patchy, depending on who was there. The staff for the cars, porters and in the pool bar were all friendly and helpful. The guys dropped us at some shops, and also organized the rides too and from the hotel (with an external provider you pay direct). Overall, the hotel is good value for money, in the higher end range.
31. Had a very nice stay at this property! This hotel is WONDERFUL. The Joule Suite was classy, comfortable and spacious. Great room for a relaxing weekend getaway. The decor is exceptional and very modern. The customer service was excellent and Ms. Chasity Gray was outstanding, as she went the extra mile to make sure our stay was a memorable one!!! Thank you Ms. Gray! Loved it!!! W. Edwards
32. I stayed at the Joule over the weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time! We especially enjoyed our time at the pool, and Todd made the weekend so much more fun! Thanks for a great weekend- hope to be back soon!
33. My wife and I were able to go on a trip to celebrate our anniversary. We wanted something that was unique and my wife found The Joule. We were looking for something that combined elegance, art, and architecture. We found that to be true. I cant say enough about The Joule. I have read some of the reviews that spoke of bad service. I cant say enough about the service. They were excellent. They seemed eager to work and acted like they truly enjoyed their job. We went to the Rangers game and when we came back to the hotel, there was a complimentary bottle of champagne and two glasses for our anniversary. We were disappointed about the hours of the Charlie Palmer and the bar downstairs but found an outstanding place to get a drink directly across the street. In closing, we will be back. I look forward to going back to Dallas just to stay at The Joule
34. Bryce, Bryson & Nikki, they should recieve and outstanding service award. I travel with my job as well as work with high net clientele, which sometimes can be challenging to say the least. I was at the Joule for pleasure this time Bryce was my driver a couple of times, he carried on a conversation as if he had known me forever. I have not experienced that before, he was very patient, kind and accomodating. He also went on an errand for me as I was running out of time to get ready for a wedding. Bryson also has great customer service and I enjoyed visiting with Bryson on the front sidewalk several times. Nikki went out of her way to accomadate getting us some food Unfortunately she did not have enough pull to get what we needed. I suggest you take a look at the managment position as the pool ran out of Chardoney on Saturday night before 10pm and no one offered to go get us some more. I find that very unproffessional as a manager not to be stocked or offer to go get what the customer is requesting. Bryce, Bryson and Nikki were willing to do whatever it took to take care of us, they just had their hands tied and could only do so much. I think the Joule has a ways to go when it comes to the managers making the decisions. I do think it is a lovely hotel but I would like to mention the lighting in the rooms was terrible. I think you have some great staff out front you might want to have Bryce and Bryson or Nikki teach your managers what it means to have great customer service! !
35. i had a business conference in Dallas and was fortunate enough to get a discounted rate at the Joule for myself and a few colleagues. our contact at the hotel, Jessica Craycraft, went above and beyond to provide us with quality service and was always available whenever we needed something. The staff was friendly yet very professional. the overall service provided was great value for money. the stay was a breeze. would love to go back i a heartbeat. the hotel has an excellent in house restaurant with plenty on the menu and delectable choices.
36. The Joule is one of the best hotels in downtown Dallas, the interior of the hotel is gorgeous as are the rooms. The staff was very informative on things going on downtown and in the general vicinity of the hotel. The pool with the inifinty edge over Main St was an added attraction, great place to hang out and people watch!
37. I had a group of 18 for me and my coworkers here for a series of business meetings in Dallas. The hotel was beautiful; the staff was very accommodating; and it was very easy working with a large group. The only downside was that I was there in January, and the Poule was not open. I definitely will try to get back when it is warmer!
38. Special sincere thanks to Myron, Andrew, Maverick, Clint, Nikki, Mark, and the entire Joule staff for helping make our weekend at the Joule literally perfect. Each members flawless execution in hospitality was truly extraordinary and we look forward to coming back soon. The actual property is a laid back luxurious gem and exceeded our expectations. Rooms, pool, lobby, design, etc are all well deserving of the accolades they receive. When boutique properties get it right it's a special thing - Walking away feeling fortunate just to have had the experience is why we seek out places to stay such as the Joule.
39. The Joule is certainly amongst the best hotels within the SPG system. Stayed here for a few days for business last year. And I can’t wait to go back Good: • Amazing décor throughout the hotel. From the lobby to the rooms, this hotel has been very tastefully decorated • Rooms – Very chic rooms. Bose iPod docs. High quality toiletries. Admittedly the open bathroom concept may not suit a lot of people so be aware • Food – Charlie Palmer is a very very good restaurant. The salmon here is especially good • Service – Very good and the staff are very friendly. This extends to the restaurants as well Bad: • No parking within the hotel itself so if you do not wish to pay for valet parking you have to drive around to a nearby parking building • No upgrades for SPG Platinum members – although since I was travelling for business, I didn’t particularly care. The standard rooms are nice enough Overall, this is a fantastic hotel and certainly one of the best in SPG in North America. Would definitely recommend the hotel.
40. Trip to this hotel started off VERY poorly with a bungled reservation. I was so livid with how it was being handled that I was ready to completely lose it. However, Shawn at the bar, Scott the restaurant's executive chef, and Todd at the hotel bar have MORE than made up for the rough start. Their understanding of customer service, above and beyond attention to detail and courtesy have made this a repeat destination on the list. As a famous restaurant critic once said, "I'll forgive a bad meal but not bad service". Thank you Shawn, Scott, and Todd for more than making up for the beginning of this trip!
41. we are local but made a "staycation" out of my birthday celebration for a night. the romance package is worth the upgrade because it includes champagne, valet parking, chocolates and breakfast, and they even cover the bed with rose petals if/when you leave the room after check-in. if i had to nit pick i would say that a couple of lights switches and one of the phones did not work (ironic for a restored electric building) but in all honesty none of those defects affected our stay, which is probably why no one bothered to report them before; having said that a hotel of this stature should probably have better quality control so i still deducted one star from my rating. other than that the bathroom is not very private so if you want to preserve the "romance" factor you'll need to make a trip to the lobby because the ballroom level restroom is kept locked.
42. This hotel is AMAZING! The roof top pool area is so romatic and the bartenders keep your glasses full. Charlie Palmers is in this hotel, enough said. The detail in any of the rooms you stay in are just amazing. There is no other hotel in Dallas, Texas that comes close to comparison. (Not Four Seasons, Not Zaza, Not The Crescent) Get my point? Your room or suite will come with a fully stocked bar and snacks. They also provide two flutes for champagne. The suite does come with dimmers on all of the light switches..... The jacuzzi is very welcoming and comfortable....
43. For my wife's birthday, I made reservations at The Joule. We were treated like stars from the moment we pulled up to the valet. Our bags were brought to our room. The manager, Levi and Myron at the front desk went out of their way to help us with needs during our stay. They recommended local restaurants and entertainment locations. My wife enjoyed the entire weekend. I would definitely stay at The Joule again.
44. VERY, VERY nice property. The staff was very courteous and helpful. Location wasn't the best and looked a little scary out on the street at times, but no issues while out walking before dark. The pool (or Poule as they call it) is as nice as any you will find, glass on the end which extends out at 10 stories high. As an order of french toast was around $20 I decided to walk down the street (out the front, down one block to left, take a left and Seven Eleven was on the right) and get a donut and some milk. The fitness center again was as nice as I've ever seen. I would not suggest bringing kids here although there were no problems we were the only family we saw. The adults at the pool were making out to the point a few of the couples should have went back to their rooms, needless to say we didn't stay at the pool long.
45. Working with this hotel has been a breeze. Jessica and Byron were able to help organize my large group of 21 guests with ease. Every detail was managed perfectly. I am very happy with my stay. Thank you so much! Also, the hotel offers complimentary shoe shining service. -- LB
46. We live in Dallas however we both needed a "getaway "without the time and stress of going out of town! So instead of going out of town we planned a special Saturday and Sunday at the Hotel Joule in Dallas, Tx. From the time we drove up to the Valet at the hotel and were greeted by the amazing staff until we left the hotel the experience was one that I will never forget. It was EXACTLY what we both needed, to relax and just enjoy ourselves fully without any stress. The attention we received the entire time we were at the hotel was excpetional and I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants personal attention. I've already recommended the hotel to co-workers and friends that plan on celebrating their anniversaries at the Joule!! Thanks to all the staff that helped us relax and enjoy ourselves! Sincerely, Shana Uptown in Dallas
47. We booked this hotel under luxury hotel and resort collection. We have NEVER had a bad experience with that company until now. Booked the hotel based on the pool/pool bar. Arrived and the pool bar doesn't open until 3 pm (not mentioned when I called the hotel directly and... Who is laying by the pool only after 3 pm?!?!) AND the pool was closed for a "photo shoot" that took up the whole pool for a majority of the afternoon. Furthermore, room service was closed at 10 pm, front desk was unhelpful (in ordering a pizza nonetheless) and Charlie Palmer was a waste of time and energy (great staff, HORRIBLE management.) Stay at luxury hotels frequently and would recommend ANYWHERE in dallas other than this! Spend your $$$ at the W!!! Better investment!! !
48. There are probably more remote controls in these rooms than in any other hotel you have stayed in. The first time I stayed here, I arrived late and figuring out all the controls was maddening. But I have stayed here three times since and like the hotel. The staff is great and the hotel has a great Charlie Trotter restaurant. (But what's with the big wooden wheel in the lobby?)
49. We stayed here for an Anniversary weekend getaway in Dallas and we were very impressed with the rooms and the service! We were treated to excellent service, including some perks at Charlie Palmer's and PM Lounge. I could not have had a more relaxing anniversary weekend. Front desk even followed up to see how everything was going with our stay. They also have an Escalade car service to take you to dinner reservations or anywhere within (I think) 5 miles of the hotel. Even with it being first come, first serve, the service only had about a 10 minute wait on a Saturday night. The room details were well thought out. Although the room we were in was a bit small, they had really nice decor and details that you would not see a Marriott or a Hilton, IMHO. The photos were interesting, the bathrooms unique, and the bed was really comfortable. It was essentially a "funky" modern look that suited us great. The only drawback was that the room faced a dilapidated building next door and they were doing construction on that side to extend the hotel (no construction noise on the weekend, just a view of the construction and rundown building!). Valet was pricey, but much preferred over worrying about my car in one of the nearby parking lots overnight. I will hopefully be back -- as the revitalized Main St. has a lot of action on the weekends and this hotel sits right in the middle! BTW, the pool and PM Lounge are really cool!
50. The Joule is an absolute Jewel. It is elegant and comfortable. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The beds were comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious and luxurious with all the amenities you could ask for. I would recommed it to anyone that wants an elegant European hotel in the states.
51. On 3/27/11, we checked into The Joule in Dallas, TX. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, valet and front desk staff greeted us attentively. Even as we exited the elevator to our floor, a housekeeping staff member assisted immediately in locating our room. The convenient location of The Joule allowed us to choose from a variety of restaurants. The comfort level of our room also allowed us to rest peacefully without any interrupting noise, enjoy a good night’s sleep, and relax while watching TV. Overall, our stay at The Joule was a complete delight. Immediately I contacted family and friends to share my experience and offer my recommendation to stay at The Joule. We look forward in experiencing The Joule again in the near future as we continue to recommend to others.
52. Stayed at this property the day before Valentines with my wife. We were impressed with how intimate and different this hotel is. It is definitely worth checking out while in Dallas. The decor is artsy and modern, great location, in a historic building. The room was beautifully appointed with a round bed, bvlagari amenities, rainfall shower, and oversized flat screen. The room was surprisingly small and the bed was terrible, i liked the idea of a round bed as it is unique but it was very awkward and felt cheap..not a luxury collection standard. We used the house car, a Cadillac Escalade which took us around, nice touch but the car wasnt as clean as it should have been and the driver didnt seem like he wanted to take us. Other than that no complaints, beautiful pool on the 10th floor and up to date fitness center with bottles of water and fruit. The Joule really is a gem and I would return but probably would opt for a different room catogory
53. I travel at least once a month for work, and I was fortunate enough to stay at this hotel last February and it's such a charming hotel. The staff are courteous and professional, without overdoing it. The design and decor is incredible. The have really nice turn down service, too. The hotel and guest rooms are cozy without feeling too small. I would never hesitate to return to this hotel. I hope to be back.
54. I often stay at great hotels, but the staff at the Joule Hotel made our stay awesome beyond belief!!! Nicole, Nikki,maverick, Todd, and Andrew made our stay memorable! I'm so grateful for they're amazing service!!! When in Dallas stay Here!! !
55. Well it started off BAD within 10 mins we had went to the pool where we find about 5 young ladies workin and just stood there looking like we where not even there, so I was like excuse me can I get a drink. After my first drink we had to flag down a girl to ask for another as the pool area was not busy maybe 6 other people so ni reason for service to be that bad. Then I went up to bar to close tab again just standing there it took ten mins, then the manager of the pool and club pm was there and was very friendly offered us free drinks and help but I rejected I no longer wanted to be around that. This hotel does not have ice machines you have to call for ice well we called so we could have our own drink in room well lets say it NEVER CAME!!!! That evening we went down to the club PM which is in hotel very unfriendly and it took us for ever to get in and if your staying at hotel it is suppose to not be a problem to get in YEAH RIGHT!!!! ok Saturday we ate at Charlie Palmers resturant in hotel food was good but service was so bad I could get better service at MC Donalds than this supper bad. Then Saturday evening after having night of fun on town came back to order room service it took 45 mins. to get ONE sandwhich I had to call and ck on it and there are slow and the service is so bad and the managers know which makes it WORSE... Please do not waste ur money go to ZAZAS, The W, or the Ritz
56. This was my first stay at The Joule in Dallas. I usually stay at the "W' in Victory Park, but this Hotel was by far outstanding! The valet was wonderful, very helpful and polite. The staff was magnificent, very helpfull and informative. The rooms were fantastic, very clean, and had awesome showers!!! The pool was amazing as well, met a lot of nice couples on my stay, everyone was very laid back and had a great time! I would also like to acknowledge a gentlemen named Trey Shultz, I believe was his name, he played a very instrumental part of my enjoyable stay. He went above and beyond, and I appreciate everything he did. Overall was very pleased, and would definitely refer friends and family to your hotel in the future.
57. My wife and I celebrated our 25th Anniversary this part weekend at the The Joule. The Joule is elegantly eclectic. We both needed to destress after a long week. The staff made us feel welcome and relaxed from the minute we pulled up to the valet stand. PM was icing on the cake. Thank you Joule!
58. The Joule Dallas is a hoteliers dream. All of the details from the lobby theme and decor to the functional and modern bathrooms have been impeccably taken care of. The beds are luxurious and will envelop you in dream inducing comfort. The clean lines and technically savvy components of the guest rooms ensure that you remain at ease and connected while you travel. The staff is professional and accommodating of all needs. Great hotel that should not be missed!
59. Modern and comfortable guestrooms. Loved that the desk was behind the headboard - clever use of space! My bell man walked me through the different settings & gagets in the room, that was really useful. Loved the low, medium & high settings on the lighting, this is great if you're not a morning person like myself!! The food was amzing, the room service food is from the restaurant downstairs!! Loved it all, the bread options, the mushroom plate - yummy! Loved the rose prosecco too :-) the decor was really fun and innovative throughout, like the large moving cogs by the check-in desk or the chairs in the lobby with sliding silver tables attached, or the secret reading lamp on the guestrooms headboards. My only regret is that i wasn't here on a weekend to experience the nightclub downstairs or in the summer to hangout by the roof top pool all day and drink cocktails!! All in all, the one thing that stood out the most throughout my stay was by far the service. From the bell staff, to the bar staff, everyone was friendly, welcoming and eager to help all the time.
60. I am a platinum starwood member and typically stay at the W Hotel or Westin properties. However, they were sold out and I always noticed the Joule Dallas hotel in the search results on SPB.com. So, the rate was great and the stay was absolutely Excellent!!! Everything from room service from the top Charlie Palmer restaurant in the hotel 24/7, plus the stunning gorgeous pool, amazing rooms, etc, etc. I can go on and on but if you have any options going to Dallas then the choice is easy. The Joule Dallas. Afterwards you can write your own review on this intimate and polished hotel. It is one of a kind and nothing else can compare in Dallas or wherever you may be....
61. You will not be disappointed here . . . absolutely beautiful property, rooms are spacious and modern, roof-top pool area is excellent, and restaurant is 5-star. It was my birthday weekend and they sent champagne to the room - what a wonderful touch! Dinner at Charlie Palmer's was simply superb!
62. Our stay at the Joule was second to none and on par with the best hotels in the world. Craig that helped bring my one bags and all of my wife bags up was so helpful, especially with help explain the lights in the room, couldn't the hotel have less complicated lighting arrangements?. The pool is amazing and the restaurant cuisine is outstanding. If anything other hotels that are being built should use the joule as a starting point. When we checked out Danielle made it effortless and enticed us to come back again which we will and Travis that got our bags was warm and considerate to the delay we had in checking out. All in all... we will be back just the two of us for anniversary.
63. I had a wonderful stay at the hotel, loved the rooms, even though our room was a bit small they utilized the space very well. I had two problems with this place, first when I arrived home the day of our last stay I reviewed the invoice which had been emailed to me and was charged $202.00 for a dinner at Charlie Palmers, but we never dined at Charlie Palmers. I immediately called the hotel and reported the error. The next morning I received a call from the accounting department and received the proper credit. I also had a $45.00 charge or room service for a breakfast we ordered that was suppose to be included in the package when we made our reservations. The accounting department once again checked into this and called me right back and was able to credit me for this charge as well. So overall I would recommend the hotel but just double check EVERYTHING on your invoice. It was really disappointing to have not just one error but two errors on my bill.
64. The hotel sits in the heart of Dallas. It is close to AA arena so you can catch a lot of great events. The staff was friendly and informative. I loved Charlie Palmer's. Great food. Fun pool atmosphere! I will definitely stay there again.
65. Spent 1 night at the Joule for a weekend away from the kids. Good location and very helpful staff. We were on the 10th floor which is where the Pool/Bar is located. Very noisy from this area until 2am. Would ask for room on another floor next time. Biggest issue was when we picked up our car from the valet parking. There was damage to the hood and front bumper which was not present when we left the car the previous night. We brought this to the attention of the valet manager who said "we were very busy last night and had 8 or 9 guys parking cars. I wish they would have told me when they did this". To his credit he was very helpful and filled out a claim report and gave us info about who to contact. I know this could happen anywhere but in years of valet parking it hasnt so this was quite annoying. They did refund our $27 valet parking fee. Hopefully they will step up and take care of this. We saw another guest who was checking out looking at the back of his vehicle as well!
66. We just returned home after spending three nights at The Joule. We enjoyed our stay! The beds were comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were pleasant and quiet even though it was crowded for the UT/OU game. My kids especially liked the drapes the separated the bedroom from the bathroom area. We especially found the room service to be timely and tasty (yes, we even had breakfast by the pool one day!). We also ate great food in the restaurant. The chef generously shared the granola recipe with my husband, who declared it the best granola he'd even eaten. The pool was too chilly for the kids to spend much time in it, but that isn't surprising for this time of year. There was a mix-up with an upgrade for our room, but that was the only disappointment with our stay.
67. We've stayed at many 5-star hotels, and the Joule is in the top 2 for sure. (We are VERY picky.) We were only scheduled to stay one night, but it was so incredible, we stayed another night. The room had a sexy contemporary decor. Very Romantic....GO!!! You will not be disappointed.
68. My husband & I stayed a night for his birthday. We really enjoyed it. The smell when you walked into the lobby was breathtaking...the fragrance was wonderful. The front desk staff was very nice and smiled. The valet was very courteous (but very expensive at $27 a night) We had the King room on the 6th floor. I loved the bathroom set up and the shower was huge, big enough for 4 couples (if you're into that sort of thing). The housekeeper knocked on each door and handed out complimentary chocolates and bags of ice. The doorman who brought up our bags also offered to bring us ice. They even offer a turndown service which includes Rose Petals on the bed. That night we visited the PM Lounge that's located in the basement of the hotel. It was more like a nightclub than a Lounge. It was very crowded, you could barely move, but the drinks were very good. We had fun and it was great to go to a club and not have to drive home.
69. We recently made a trip to the Dallas area to look at wedding dresses and decided to make a "girls" weekend out of it. We stayed at The Joule and had a fantastic time. I'd definetely recommend 3 things if you are staying at The Joule: 1) Eat at Charlie Palmer - This is the restaurant right in the hotel. The food and service is amazing! 2) Visit the Poule at the Joule - Make sure to ask for Todd or Stephen & make sure to swim to the edge and overlook the city. 3) Enjoy the ambiance - The rooms are so fun and decorative, our stay was wonderful! Again, we had such a fun time and it's really one of the better hotels to stay at . . .especially if you like a trendy feel, mixed with fabulous customer service. We will definitely be back!
70. Totally agree with W without the attitude. This hotel is awesome. I was here on business with a client and we both totally love this place. Funky but yet classy and comfortable. Even if you just go into the lobby and get a drink at the hotel bar it is worth it. There is a giant gear in the lobby (floor to ceiling, turning another gear in the ceiling - just have to see it). You won't be sorry. See this being perfect for business (nice desk, free internet) or a romantic getaway. Puts you in the heart of Dallas close to great dining, nightlife, shopping and culture. As a bonus it is a Starwood property.
71. Our stay at The Joule began early afternoon on September 3rd. I selected this location to celebrate my retirement following 25 years service with the United States Courts. The reception was held in the beautiful Radiiant Salon room and catered by Charlie Palmer's, the hotel's famous restaurant. From it's convenient location to the Dallas business hub for guests, to the captivating style of the hotel, to the impeccable service, this was the perfect place for my event. My guests were so intrigued by the history and architecture. We reserved a guest room which was beautiful and enjoyed a wonderful breakfast on the patio Saturday morning at Charlie Palmer's Restaurant.
72. For Xmas, my husband and I decided to book a suite at the Joule. Great idea. The suite was wonderful. Clean. The bathroom was beautiful with a large soaking tub, a shower room and excellent lighting. It was incredibly trendy and modern without being intimidating and cold. I can't get over the bathroom. It was so nice!!! Also, it was very nice to be next door to Neiman Marcus. The staff was excellent and even helped us get on the VIP list at a club. Anything we asked for was done. At first, I did not want to eat at the restaurant. I'm a simple southern girl and don't like anything too 'frou frou', but the waiter was incredibly patient and courteous. The bartenders were atttentive. Would I stay here again? In a New York minute.
73. From the moment of check-in to check-out, our experience was first class. Want a wine glass? Promptly there. Need a ride to the State Fair? No problem. A Swedish massage and organic egg breakfast were included and were most memorable. Service was always with a smile and was always excellent.
74. My wife and I spent one night at the Joule and had an excellent time. The staff is excellent and did everything possible to ensure we had a wonderful stay. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Dallas near several shops and restaurants. Our suite was quiet and nicely appointed. We had drinks at the hotel bar and dinner at Charlie Palmers. We recommend both. We truly appreciate everything the staff did to ensure our visit was special. Thank you.
75. I live in the north DFW area, and it is my job to become very famiilar with many hotels and their services around the Metro-plex. The Joule was a refreshing experience and definitely a cut above the rest. Once I arrived, Danielle took great care to check me in and point me in the direction of my room, which I didn't leave much unless it was to have a meeting downstairs in the restaurant. Also, I must admit I took the liberty of telling alot of my friends about the beautiful pool that I had an hour to indulge in! It's not often I can say that I was treated like a celebrity. Craig respected my need for adhearance to a timely schedule during my check out and made it a seamless transaction. The decor, overall atmosphere, and excellent service in this hotel exceeds expectation. I would recommend this hotel to my existing and future out of town business clients when they visit, and I plan to make this my home away from home while conducting such visits. Thank you for renewing my faith in the hotel industry!
76. Not only was the hotel incredible with an amazing room, but the service and amenities are top notch. I needed a late night pressing of my suit. Done, with no hassle. Upon leaving the hotel I received a call that I left a very expensive watch in the room safe and it was returned with full communication. These folks go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable and hassle free.
77. This is an excellent hotel with an amazing rooftop pool and lounge area. I would have nothing bad to say if I had not realized when I got home that the valet (or somebody with access to our car in the valet lot), had stolen a couple of items from my trunk. The staff at the hotel and the parking company (ACE parking) are working hard to rectify the situation, but at $27/night for parking one would hope that her car was more secure than it apparently was. So, one word of caution; empty your car entirely when parking in their valet lot.
78. I thought I had seen it all until I stayed at the Joule. The service was absolutely first rate. The bellman had my luggage out of the trunk before I stepped out of the car and led me inside. It's rare to find a hotel with so much attention to detail and it's obvious that no expense was spared. The entire hotel is a work of art and when I got to my room I spent the first hour exploring it's uniqueness. I had dinner at the restaurant that night and it was amazing from the service, ambiance and quality of the food. They have a special lunch that includes a soup, salad and half sandwich that's quick and inexpensive. The Joule is a sexy, elegant, fun, cool and incredibly unique experience. I'll certainly be back.
79. I stayed with you all in May of this year and I must say you have some of the best staff ever... When I was checking in Danielle had the most darling personality ever and was very swift. After that was all said and done Rudy assisted me with my bags and was very thoughtful of coversation the entire way up!!! I absolutely adored them both... Will def return!!! !
80. Amazing Hotel! The Bellman/Valet Team are incredible and make you feel right at home each time! Bryson (I think was his name) was so nice and made me feel right at home. Rooms are very well appointed. Best Bathroom Amenities I have ever used ... The POOL scene is incredible on the roof! Get the BURGER! Maverick was a wonderful host! Only little tiny thing is the location ... I was there on a Sunday and there's not much going on around that area, but they totally know that and offer a FREE shuttle to wherever you need to go. Can NOT wait to return! Whoever is the GM is doing an amazing job with their staff!
81. A friend and I decided to have a fun girls weekend away in Dallas and one of the hotels we'd heard was great was the Joule. Our stay ended up being way more than great. Once we got there, we ended up hardly leaving our hotel the entire 3 nights/4 days we were there over New Years Eve, as we loved our room and the hotel so much. We enjoyed the Charlie Palmer for dinner and drinks nightly, and were treated like VIP's everywhere we went. Todd at the Charlie Palmer bar was the best - our trip wouldn't have been the same without him. We experienced true Southern hospitality from Todd and the rest of the incredible staff our entire trip. Because of our time at the Joule and the incredible people, we are already planning our next trip back in a few months.
82. My husband and I stayed at the Joule In late January. We stayed in a deluxe room. It was by no means big, but it was perfect for two. We both loved the shower. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We used the free car service several times and the drivers all had great recommendations for places to go and to eat. We wish the weather had been warmer so we could have tried out the pool. My only complaint about our room was that one side faced east and the bathroom window was not adequately covered so the morning sun lit up the whole room. Not great if you're trying to sleep in.
83. Stayed there for one night so I did not get to use any of the hotel services nor dine there. However, the staff were all very nice and helpful. They also have complimentary car service via a Cadillac Escalade which takes you and picks you up anywhere within 5 miles of the hotel. Truly a wonderful, and from my experience unique service. Being it is very contemporary, be prepared for glass shower and toilet doors. Bed was very plush and comfortable.
84. I've stayed at all the SPG and major Marriott hotels in Dallas and this is by far the best. 2nd best in W Victory (which is where I stay during sports events.) Everything is good and after a Thursday night at the Ritz Bar, the PM lounge is your next best bet.
85. The very nicely decorated lobby says a lot about this hotel. Everything from the lobby to the rooftop pool has a very modern look. I stayed in a suite on the 9th floor and had no complaints. The furniture was nice, the bed was extremely comfortable, and I loved the lighting system.
86. My very good friend booked a room at the Joule for her birthday last weekend and invited a few friends, myself included, to celebrate a safe and enjoyable evening. We began the evening in the hotel room, then walked a short distance to a nearby resturant for dinner. When we returned, we waited in line to enter the PM Lounge, a club on the bottom floor of the Joule. The doorman refused to allow us entry and we ended up waiting for almost an hour in the Texas heat while other folks would simply walk off the street and were immediately allowed in! My friend finally asked why we were waiting while everyone else was allowed in and the man very rudely announced that those folks were hotel guests. The birthday girl informed the man that she too was a hotel guest but he only said he would look into it. I was appalled that we were treated that way. The birthday girl waited for another 45 mins to speak to the hotel manager about the situation, but he was preoccupied trying to iron out a situation for some honeymooners who had made reservations that the hotel couldn't locate. (Apparently we weren't the only guests to have their evening botched by this hotel). After such a long and sweltering wait, the b-day girl's guests began to just leave out of frustration. The guest who remained were forced to go across the street to a dive bar where the b-day girl began to cry uncontrollably over her ruined special evening. It was insulting that the doorman/management were so disrespectful and unwilling to take care of their guest. I would never recommend this hotel or their club PM Lounge.
87. We had an amazing time celebrating our daughter's 13TH birthday at the Joule in Dallas....from the time we were greeted until the time we checked out, we were made to feel special and welcomed. Our tweens loved the salt water heated infinity pool, the Charlie Palmer bar, awesome room service and gorgeous room......we live in Carrollton, but felt we had traveled to another luxurious country! Thank you so much JENNIFER AND STAFF!
88. Very high end hotel that lived up to the hype. No free Wi-Fi or coffee in the room, but everything else was very nice. From the moment we pulled up and until we left we felt very welcomed and enjoyed all the hotel has to offer. The roof top pool was like a spa and even though it was 102 degrees, it felt very comfortable because of the fans and the misting system. If you want a private cabana by the pool, be sure to reserve it in advance. We had dinner and breakfast at the hotel restaurant Charlie Palmers and it was excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel as a great place to get away and enjoy downtown Dallas.
89. A great customer experience is achieved by everyone doing everything right. It can take just one person to undo it too. My wife and I stayed the weekend at the Joule for our 16th wedding anniversary. I would with out reservation give it 5 stars, everyone ....everyone we came into contact was friendly, professional and made our stay very enjoyable. From moment we checked in to the a hand written card wishing us a happy anniversary to a great dinner at Charley Palmers it was a perfect experience. Being a little jaded from regularly staying at the Four Seasons and the Ritz Carlton we have high expectations, all of which were delightfully exceeded!
90. I ended a five week business trip at this hotel and it was by far the best experience that I had. The staff is truly extraordinary and made me feel at home. The room product is gorgeous and the beds are extremely comfortable. The location in the heart of Dallas offers easy access to everything that the city has to offer. I am a self-proclaimed (and other people proclaim it too) hotel snob and I couldn't have been happier! This is my number 1 choice of hotel in Dallas, Texas.
91. I have stayed in hotels all over world and this was one of the worst experiences, and that is rating this hotel against much cheaper ones. We only stayed one night and had so many issues. My patience was def tested at this hotel at the incompetence incurred. Firstly our room smelt of smoke so they had to come spray the room, then there wasnt a hairdryer so they came and provided that, then the tv didn't work so they they had to come fix that, then we paid for valet at $27 for our car to be returned with bird droppings all over it. Wait it gets better! Then upon check out our bill was suppose to be for $320 but they charged $388, they claimed it was a hold authorization...I've never had a hotel do that upon checkout. They finally corrected that charge, but now 2 days later they have charged a separate additional charge of $121! So I called AGAIN to ask why, they said it was for mini bar. We went out for dinner and then straight to sleep, then left early in morning bc construction noise woke us up, so we didn't have time to eat anything from mini bar. Plus my husband doesn't drink and I'm 6 mths pregnant, so pretty sure we didn't access any alcohol at the mini bar. They havent offered any sort of compensation or lousy apology. Still waiting for this latest issue to be resolved after being trf to 3 ppl at the hotel. Absolutely ridiculous service for any hotel let alone one u pay $300+ a night for. Save yourself the trouble and stay elsewhere. I'm spending more time sorting out issues than the time we spent in the room. I've never written a review but want to save ppl this drama, thanks the joule for totally ruining our first wedding anniversary!! !
92. The hotel is very posh and modern. We loved the auto curtains and bathroom facilities. I felt like we were in a clean and futuristic hotel. the balcony was so cute, had a little picnic table with a great view of the city. ah if only we had more time. I would love for more hotels like the joule to be around when i visit different places. hotel service was wonderful. parking is a bit expensive but what do you expect in downtown... we did find a parking garage a couple of blocks on elm street. it looked closed but we pushed the ticket and open sesame! parking was $10/day. jackpot.
93. This is the Perfect Hotel!!! The Incredible Customer Service starts when you arrive at the door. The room was just beautiful. Beds so comfortable that you don't want to leave. The best location in downtown Dallas. Lot's of extras that make this hotel THE HOTEL! The pool area after the sun goes down is amazing. The Staff went above and beyond. Darrell went out of his way to make our visit extra special! I get the feeling that this is just the way it's done at the Joule for every guest. I look forward to my next stay at the Joule.
94. Cons: Service is terrible!! Maybe I just had a bad experience but I was throughly disappointed in this hotel. It seemed as if they had the "summer staff" on duty. The valet just stood right next to me while I struggled with my luggage. He did not offer to help in any way. Once I was at the desk, I still was not offered any help with getting all my luggage to my room. That evening, I placed my room service order on my door well before the requested time of midnight. I only ordered a pot of coffee for 7am. After waiting 45 minutes, I finally opened my door and realized they didn't even pick up the card. It was still hanging on the door handle. After calling down to the desk, they did not even give a simple apology. Maybe I'm just spoiled, but I travel frequently and I have never recieved such poor service from an "upscale" hotel. Pros: The rooms were very clean and nice. I did have breakfast at the restaurant and the food was great. The service I recieved at the restaurant was also wonderful. They were prompt, polite, and very accomodating.
95. This was, simply the best hotel experience we have ever had. My wife and I stayed at this hotel to celebrate our anniversary. Upon check in, they knew (and remembered!) our names, what we liked, everyone congratulated us on our anniversary! Upon check in our room was not ready, but they offered to hold our luggage and let us swim in their pool. The pool! It was a salt water pool on the 12th floor that juts out over Main Street in Dallas. The service there was exceptional, the area was very clean and very well maintained. The concierge came and gave us our room key when our room was ready. The room was immaculate - superbly decorated, super clean, and there was a complimentary bottle of champagne for us, with truffles and a lovely note from the manager. The room was superb! Large, quiet, excellent! The room service was wonderful - the food was great, and the service was, again, exceptional. Stay here - it's expensive, but absolutely worth it - we plan on returning next anniversary!
96. Not only is this a great hotel, but I was traveling on business and experienced an illness during my trip. Not only did the hotel help me find a local doctor, but the manager on duty checked on me and sent chicken soup to the room to help me feel better. I wish i did not have to cut my trip short, because the pool looked like a lot of fun.
97. We traveled to Dallas for a Birthday Party at the Joule and decided to stay out of convenience. It was priced a bit high but after our experience, we would definitely stay again! We arrived there and were greeted out front by a wonderful staff that helped to unload and park the car. Inside we were greeted again by the ambassador Shaye. She was amazing, she ensured that we were at ease with the accommodations...she even sent up complimentary milk and cookies for our four year old daughter. Later in the evening we went up to the Penthouse for the birthday party and were greeted by Virginia with the head of security, I could have talked to her all night! She was so friendly and attentive! When we checked out the next day, she even came out with us as we waited and we talked some more! Back to the Penthouse...what a view of Dallas, both at night with all the lights and then again in the morning when we met for breakfast. Two balconies offer two views. The staff in charge of the party was also great. They were there whether you needed a drink, desserts, or to clean up an area. All in all it was a great experience! Highly recommended!
98. The staff here is great. I was there for 3 nights. it is always great when the doormen remember your name. I left a personal item behind when i checked out, and they called me that night and shipped it the next day. Wish the weather had been nice enough to use the pool.
99. Well let me start by stating, Tripadvisor isn't such a friendly review system. If your review is questioned you get no say in the process. My inital review was deemed a duplicate after being flagged? Not sure how that worked out, regardless I'll resubmit my review till I pass with flying colors and no red marks! I stayed at the Joule in Feb for a quick little training session I was sent to. Dallas was one of the most friendly places I've visited and this hotel is right up there with making you feel at home. The rooms are astonishing, my favorite detail in the entire room was the lights that are built into the headboard. How nice is that feature? No need to lean across the bed to turn off a nightstand light, just push the fixture back into the headboard! I stopped into Charlie Palmer for dinner, had a fantastic time there, Tommy the bartender took great care of me and the food was out of this world. New York strip was tender and the spinach side was a pefect complimant to the steak for me. Perhaps this is where my review was deemed a duplicate? My only issue I had with my trip was the Conceirge Katie. She was very shot with me when I talked to her, it was as if my research wasn't quite up to her standards of places to go. Her tone was condescending which I was off set by, not something I was expecting or enjoyed all that much. Either way, she maybe knowledgable about the city so just be warned about her delivery when talking to her. Second time the charm on my review? This hotel is wonderful, business traveler or just getting away. The entire downtown area was wonderful and I truely do look forward to trying to come back for a more leisure visit. I was treated wonderfully.
100. This was a enjoyable place to spend the weekend . Chasity Gray helped arrange my stay at this very impressive hotel. She was very pleasant to work with and made sure my guest were comfortable throughout there stay. The decorum was awesome. Chasity actually took the time to explain the art throughout the hotel and how the owner put his own personal touch on the property. That tidbit of knowledge gave me a connection which I appreciated. Let's not forget the pool, great relaxing spot.
