1. My partner and I stayed here for three nights in April at the recommendation of a good friend who knows the city. We had a fabulous time in Chicago and a fabulous stay at The Sutton Place. Yummie champagne, cheese plate and chocolate covered strawberries as soon as we entered the room (pre-arranged by friends). Bed was so comfortable we were checking the mattress tag to shop beds when we got home. Super views (from room 1808). Absolutely no noise. Perfect location. Great selection of restaurants all around and a reasonable walk to tons of shopping along Magnificent Mile (if that's your thing). Also, access to the Red Line train is a five-minute walk from the hotel. We took it to Boystown as well as a nearby stop for Crate and Barrell and CB2.
2. This hotel was great! Everyone at this Hotel from the Valet to the Concierge to the Room Service was Fantastic.. This Hotels location is perfectly placed, we stayed in Chicago in Aug of 2011 and within walking distance were more than enough restaurants and Bars! I would stay at this Hotel any day of the week!
3. I booked this hotel because the reviews raved about the service and location. My experience was ok, the hotel staff was courteous, the service I received was ordinary nothing to write home about. Our hotel room was nice and clean, but there was nothing spectacular about the rooms. For the amount I paid, I expected much better service and better rooms.
4. The location of this hotel is perfect for a visit to Chicago. The Sutton Place is located at the north end of the Magnificient Mile shopping. Away from the tourist spots in a lovely neighbourhood but just around the corner from pubs, restaurants, boutique shopping and a short walk to the lake. The staff were very friendly and even though we booked through expedia to get a great deal on the hotel we were treated like a somebody and even received a room upgrade to a lake view. The pancake house right across the street was a perfect start each day. Don't miss Jilly's for entertainment and a drink just around the corner each evening.
5. My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights starting August 13th. I agree with most of the other posts. The hotel is in a great location. The service was top notch. We had a corner mini suite and I only wish it was on a higher floor to be able to take advantage of the 2 walls of windows. We were on the 11th floor and although the view was ok, it was mainly buildings and parking lots. The ice situation is sad....my husband had been sent a bucket of beers as a gift, but the ice melted after a few hours and the beers got warm. The next day we called for ice, got a tiny bucket of it and told the guy we needed much more. He finally brought up another big bucket, but still, by the next morning it had mainly melted. So keep in mind, there is no way to bring your own drink and keep it cold. (maybe I'm just spoiled with ice machnes on at least every other floor) We also had to pay the $45 per night parking fee. Ouch! But I guess you're paying for the neighborhood which was great. My only complaint was not being able to see my hotel bill on the TV. Every time I tried I got a message that it was unavailable.
6. My fiance and I have stayed at the Sutton Place twice when visiting Chicago. The location is ideal - walking distance to several restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and the magnificent mile shopping. The hotel staff is impeccable - the rooms are nice and clean - we even got upgraded (promptly) to a corner room that had two walls of floor to ceiling windows when we had issues with our heater not turning off on our last visit. I have and will continue to recommend this hotel to people who are looking for a hotel in a good location that is also a good value (for Chicago).
7. This is a great hotel, with the best location in the city! They have an exc ellent staff, that is super nice, and was responsive to all of our needs. We were first assigned a smoking room, but when we asked to change, they brought new keys up to us, and walked us to another room! It was a corner room, with lake views, and very spacious. This hotel has a clean, modern look. It's not as fancy as the Four Seasons, but it is everything you need to feel like you are visiting Chicago with class;-) The Hotel is near all the best shopping, lots of wonderful restaurants, and great late night spots. The Whiskey bar is in the Hotel, and is a great spot to have a drink and watch the people on the street pass by. Doublin's is just across the way, and serves food until 4am! Jilly's has a great piano bar with 'Rat Pack' renditions until about 2am. It's a must stop and have at least 1 drink, if not a bottle of champagne. Prices were very reasonable. The Staff at the Hotel gets my biggest kudos! They are well trained in customer service, and made my stay feel special. Keep up the good work, Sutton Place!
8. We booked this after staying at The Sutton Place in Vancouver - yet they are different management companies. We had an equally pleasant experience. You cannot beat this location - across the street from Gibson's Steak House and near several other famous restaurants. about a 10 minute walk from the miracle mile and close to so many things. The front desk was great and the bar downstairs is a fun spot. We loved our large corner room. If there was anything negative I would say the rooms are just a little dated but very clean and comfortable. This was a great value and we would definitely stay again.
9. What an amazing Hotel! I stayed there with my wife before we left for our Honeymoon and we had a great time. The service was great (from the Bell Captain, to the Front Desk, to the Housekeeping Staff....everyone was very friendly) and our Suite was the best. We went to dinner at Gibsons Steakhouse, which is right across the street, and walked around the neighborhood to take it all in afterwards. The location of this hotel is ideal! Looking forward to our next stay.
10. My husband and I decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago. Although we chose a weekend where it was 17 degrees below zero, this didn't dampen our spirits. I expected the Sutton Place to be similar to Toronto's hotel and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment you were greeted by the doorman to the concierge and the front desk staff, the service and attitude was most welcoming. I called the evening before as our flight was early. The hotel was gracious enough to accommodate us. The location was absolutely fantastic for dining with a wide range of prices. Shopping was extremely abundant in the area and it was so close to the Magnificent Mile. With the cold weather, we spent a bit more time in the hotel than anticipated; however the room was well appointed. The bed was firm but not hard with fluffy pillows that were comfortable. It's also nice to see good quality toiletries and hair dryer available to customers. I would most definitely stay there again. S. Carter
11. We were in Chicago for our son's wedding and the Sutton Place was a nearly perfect for our stay. We were close to dining, shopping and sight seeing. The door staff, particularly Wendell was just a doll to everyone in our family, helping my elderly father-in-law out the door and into taxi's and always giving us a hearty greeting. Our Deluxe King room overlooked the lake and was very quiet and extremely comfortable. My only complaint was the lack of an ice machine on the floor and coffee in the room. Although it was advertised that we got 2 cleanings daily, there was only evidence of a second. It would have been great to have a turndown service as the second visit with ice provided then, in lieu of a machine. And I don't want to always get dressed and out the door for a simple cup of coffee in the morning.
12. I stayed at Sutton Place for one night in July of 2011. I walked in at about 1AM looking for availability (visiting someone in the hospital and needed a place to crash) which thankfully they had! The location is actually excellent. Very convenient to all the sights and sounds of the magnificent mile. My first impression was that the lobby was rather small and it smelled of cigarettes. This made me a bit apprehensive about what the room would be like but it was just a place to crash for the night. The single bedded king room was $199 for the night plus tax and the 24-hour valet parking was $45. Not horribly expensive especially for the location but you can definitely find some cheaper options in the area. The room itself was small but nice. Modern amenities and in-room movies. Bathroom was actually quite large and well stocked (bathroom could have been smaller with a larger room). I was exhausted and enjoyed a good nights sleep. Room was quite and the bed was comfortable. The staff was very nice and polite and responsive to our needs/requests. They only had one bedded rooms available but they quickly brought a roll away bed up for us. Checkout was quick and efficient and the concierge kept my bag so that I would not have to lug it around the city. I am a big fan a larger, chain hotels but overall, I can recommend Sutton Place Chicago. Relatively reasonably priced with nice (though small) rooms and polite staff.
13. I recently stayed at the Sutton for 4 nights. Positives: -Great location, end of Magnificent Mile, plenty of food options, bars, shops and I felt safe (solo female traveller) - Clean room with desk, tv, dresser, large clean bathroom - Heavy curtains made the room dark so it was easy to sleep, the room was also very quiet - Really friendly door men - Expedia offered good price Negatives: - Staff were a little offhand (query if being a young traveller made a difference??) - Haphazard housekeeping, 1st morning toiletries were replaced with half empty (ie presumably used by someone else!) bottles and the next day not at all - Room service and bar staff tended to "hover" over you - No safe in the room - Little information about the hotels facilities in the room all of which tended to just take the glow of any otherwise great stay. I'd still recommend though as these could all be "one offs" vs indicative of the hotel and its staff generally
14. Judging by the way we were greeted you would think they gave us the Penthouse Suite. That's because they treat every guest as if they're in the Penthouse. Our room was great; very clean, and decorated nicely. The service was excellent from beginning to end. Sandro who manages the front desk was fantastic! He handled an extra night stay with professionalism and a warm smile. When we left, he told us to visit again or just stop by to say hello. Nice touch... It felt like the staff at Sutton Place Hotel really care about your experience. Did I mention location? The hotel is a prime property in the heart of the glitzy fine dining and people watching area known as Rush Street. You are steps away from Tavern on Rush, Hugo's, Gibson's, LuxBar, Carmines, Morton's, and Whiskey Bar. If you walk two blocks east, you're at the lakefront. If you walk two blocks north, you're in the busiest stretch of nightlife in Chicago (Division Street). I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family.
15. I highly recommend staying at the Sutton Place Hotel in the Gold Coast area~ . the location was fabulous, staff was so friendly and accomodating! I had a Jr. Suite on the 19th floor that overlooked the city and was on the end so we had both views of the city. Just out the door were fabulous restaurants, Gibsons, Carmines, Tavern On Rush Michigan Avenue was just around the corner. Make sure to eat the "Original Pancake house" across the street from the Sutton Place Hotel! Great breakfast! I will definitely be back again on my next visit to Chicago. I also want to compliment the guys who worked at Valet, everyone made it such a nice experience for my time in Chicago Thank you!
16. Great spot to stay for a fun weekend in Chicago! It had been awhile since I last visited the city, and Sutton Place is right in the heart of it! It's tucked between Rush St. and Michigan Ave., not far from the John Hancock Center. There were lots of cool restaurants nearby, great shopping on Michigan Ave., and cool bars for any style within easy walking distance. Our room was fantastic! We stayed in a junior suite, which was a corner room with large windows that made for expansive views of the city. That way even when we slept in or got back early, we still felt like we were in the middle of it all. Not too noisy, though, so I had no trouble sleeping. Staff is very curteous and attentive, and valet parking was very convenient. We didn't spend anytime in the restaurant or bar at the hotel (I thought the breakfast was a little pricey, especially since there are so many cute restaurants in the area), but I did take advantage of the late-night room service. The price was very reasonable given everything the hotel offered and the phenomenal location. I would certainly come back!
17. This is an exceptional hotel in an ideal location. Wonderful staff - so friendly and helpful. Luxurious bathrooms with the best shower I think I have ever used! Wonderful view, comfortable beds, CLEAN in every respect, delicious coffee in the morning...it was heaven! I will definitely stay here the next time I'm in Chicago! !
18. My husband and I stayed at this great little hotel this past week-end June 5th to the 7th, and if we get back to Chicago I would only want to stay at Sutton Place. The location was fine for us, in a trendy area only 2 or 3 blocks to great shopping on the Magnifient Mile. Also a plus in the location is all the wonderful restaurants only steps away, we ate at The LUX bar, Travern on Rush, and Hugo the Frogs Bar. Our walk to the Navy Pier only took us 30 mins. Other than that we easily found taxis right in front our the Sutton when ever we needed. Now for the hotel itself, the lobby is fairly small, but our room (1405) was huge, along with the bath that had a separate shower stall from the tub. Both were extremely clean with great water pressure. I did enjoy using the complimentary bath robe. Only negative for the bathroom was no magnifying mirror. Our bed was king size and very comfortable. One of the best things about this place is the staff, all were helpful, competent, and friendly especially the concierge Cheryl Rule, she did a fantastic job for us more than once.
19. We will be staying at the Sutton Place for the tird straight year this year during our visit to Chicago. Top notch hotel, great rooms, good service. You could spend less, but it is close to the beach, surrounded by good restaurants, and is in a very quaint and relaxing area of the city. We could stay anywhere, but we stay here.
20. A good rate for this area of Chicago. Clean and very polite and helpful staff. The best part of this hotel is the location. Right on Rush St. so tons of great restaurants. Walking distance to a great deal of the best attractions and really close to the Mag Mile.
21. We stayed here in early September for my brother's wedding. Firstly, the location of this hotel cannot be beaten. Fantastic bars and restaurants right outside the door and you're only a few minutes walk from the beach and the Mag Mile. As well as the location what really stood out for me were the fantastic door staff - they were so friendly and welcoming, in particular The G Man (Geary), Samuel and Luis, but each was charming and attentive. I wasn't as impressed with the front desk staff unfortunately but had little dealings with them after an initial mess up when six rooms had been booked in my aunt's name (the hotel's fault, she clearly only required one). When I queried this I was told abruptly that there may be an extra charge and I had to go up again to ensure that this wasn't the case. Anyway that was really a minor glitch in what was a great stay. The rooms are really nice though perhaps in need of a little updating/freshening up. I will definitely be back.
22. Just returned from 3 nights at the Sutton Place Hotel. First-time visitors to Chicago, we were completely satisfied and honestly, found no faults at all with our room or the service we received there. The doorman, Gary ("G-Man") and concierge, Mark were especially friendly and helpful with their advice, but ALL the staff were courteous and efficient. The room was nicely appointed---spotless, roomy, and comfortable with a great bed and super shower. As noted by other reviewers, the location can't be beat, steps from Rush St. with its many restaurants, (very) short walk to Magnificent Mile shops and public transportation. The Sutton Place is just a bit removed from all the hustle and bustle of Michigan Avenue, but that's what we liked about it. If we ever come back to Chicago , we will DEFINITELY stay there again!
23. My Husband and I stayed here when we had to travel to Chicago on business. We both agreed that we would absolutely stay there again. It was located in the heart of a great restaurant district. We shopped, ate and went sightseeing all without needing a car or taxi. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We had a lot of space!! I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family.
24. We stayed at the Sutton Place for Valentine's Day. We've done this the last 3 years, and every other year was amazing. The location can't be beat and the suites are nice for the rates. We were disappointed by our stay this year. We arrived late (due to traffic) and the drop off area was backed up onto Rush. Even though we were late for our dinner reservations, we had to park the car in a lot about a block away. We had dinner reservations din the loop, which the conceriege said he would call to let them know we'd be 15 minutes late. He didn't. We had ordered champagne for the room, which wasn't in the room when we arrived. And the room smelled like the previous guest(s) had smoked. The prior years, the service was excellent. This year it was sub-standard. I think we'll try another Chicago hotel next year.
25. We celebrated our 20th wedding anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel in the Gold Coast neighborhood. We couldn't have been happier with the hotel or its location. The room was large with lovely decoration and an outstanding view. The bathroom was also large and luxuriously appointed with a soaker tub and separate shower. When we arrrived a bottle of chilled champagne and a plate of lovely snacks was waiting in our room along with a card congratulating us on our anniversary. It was a very nice touch and certainly started our vacation off right. All the staff we encountered in the hotel were professional and helpful. The hotel is located in a lively neighborhood with great restaurants and bars and is only a short walk to Miracle Mile shopping and attractions. We would definitely return to this hotel.
26. If you are looking for a quite getaway in a perfect location, then this hotel is for you. The hotel is very peaceful and the rooms are very nice. I booked the hotel at a discounted rate and was not disappointed. The bed was very comfortable. The cd player in the room added a nice touch (I booked it as a romantic get away). Tavern on rush is across the street along with many other restaurant options. The Water Tower & Shopping are a couple of blocks away. I wish could have stayed longer. The downside: Parking is very expensive $45 a night...if you pay before check-in you can get it for $35 a night. Also, there was a minor discrepancy on my bill. I was charged for bar usage in the room. ( I specifically did not take the bar key at check-in because i knew I would not use it). They credited the charge back to my account with no hassle after I called them.
27. I just got back from a weekend visit to Chicago with my girlfriend. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Sutton Place. The location is excellent and very near many restaurants, bars, shopping, etc. Our room was a very good size, was very clean, and well appointed. The only complaint we really had was there were no plugs next to the bedside tables so our cell phones (also double as alarm clocks) were on the other side of the room. The customer service was excellent and we had no issues checking in or out. Recommendations for food just outside the hotel: Gibsons, LuxBar, Whisky Bar, Pancake House, Lou Malnati's Pizza, Bistro Zinc, and Tavern on Rush were all excellent. We also highly recommend the comedy show Second City which is about a 20 minute walk from hotel or 5 minute cab ride. This hotel is about a $35 cab ride from O'hare airport. Easy walk to Magnificent Mile shopping.
28. The only bad thing about this hotel is there is no free parking and the parking they do offer is $45 for 1 day! The front desk were very polite and helpful while checking you in; the bellmen and consierge were very helpful in sorting out directions and helping in finding attractions. The room was great with a very comfortable bed; the best bit was the tub, by far. The bathroom was decked out with a stool to sit on while putting on makeup, and also a phone. The location was ideal, as there were fantastic restaraunts within the vacinity and it was located next to the magnificent mile. We were also easily able to walk to navy pier.
29. The Sutton Place hotel was absolutely perfect! Our room on the 22nd floor gave us plenty of space, and was spotless. The view was spectacular, and the balcony was a great place to see the cityscape (if not a little chilly in February). The bed was extremely comfortable; better than any other hotel bed I have slept in. Service in the hotel was amazing. It never took more than 2 minutes to get a bucket of ice from room service. Mark, the concierge, perfectly set-up chocolate covered strawberries and champagne for Valentine's day. They were in the room when we arrived. Louis, and Cheryl drove me to my seminar every morning in the hotel Cadillac, which was extremely nice and, clearly well maintained. Louis was always fun in the morning. He told hilarious stories during the morning rides. Definitely, a real character. The location is tremendous. In the Gold Coast area of Chicago, the Sutton Place is located a few blocks from the Magnificent Mile. Also, the best restaurants and bars are no more that a couple of blocks from the hotel, with most (including Hugo's Frog Bar, and Gibson's Steak House) across the street. The Whiskey Bar is located in the Hotel. Overall, the Sutton Place delivers understated elegance, impeccable accommodations, and outstanding service at a great value.
30. We were in Chicago for the marathon and arrived at the hotel very tired after a long flight from London, only to be told that they did not have our reservation. The staff at the desk, although very pleasant were inexperienced in customer service. It was eventually sorted but we had to miss out on a dinner reservation and we were not even offered a complementary drink from the bar. This bad start aside, we could not fault the hotel. The rooms were spacious and very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable. The complementary tea and coffee that is served in the lobby every morning is a nice touch. The doormen were extremely pleasant and not atall pushy for tips. You could not find a better location in the whole of Chicago. You are a five minute walk from the shoreline, lovely beaches and very scenic and you are the same distance from the start of the magnificant mile. You are immediately opposite two fabulous restaurants, Hugo's Frog Bar and Gibsons Steakhouse, both pricey but worth it for the quality of the food. The hotel bar, The Wiskey has a great selection of cocktails and wines and the atmosphere is great with a mixed crowd of young and old alike, not atall stuffy. I would definately recommend this hotel and I will definately stay here again next time I am in Chicago.
31. Upon check-in I realised I may have made a mistake. Having arrived from London I was tired and very miserable after a bad flight and less than hospitable welcome from US Immigration I was then subjected to a 45 minute check-in process as the computer had no booking for me even though I had booked direct with the hotel some 4 months previously. I eventually made it to the junior suite but was amazed at the smallness of the room which is really saying something coming from the UK and the standard size of hotel room here. The water pressure was non existant, the mini bar was well stocked but with basically vast quantities of the same product, the room stank of stale tobacco even though I had booked non smoking, the bedding was stained and dirty same with the carpet throughout the room, three lightbulbs had blown, the toilet continiously kept on filling, the cd player didn't work in all the room was a total disgrace. Having spoke to the GM I was advised that if I was unhappy maybe I should check out. Way to go with the great customer service!!!! I did exactly that although he seemed a little surprised when I also cancelled the 5 other suites I had booked for friends who were joining me in Chicago for the weekend. In a word don't wast your money here, the Ritz Carlton is much better!
32. Hotel is extremely nice and near many upscale restaurants, including Gibson's one of the best steakhouses in the area. Nightlife, outside dining, and even a few casual places like the Pancake House, Corner Bakery and Lou Malnati's are right there. Our room was on the 18th floor with a nice view. The bathroom was exceptional and the bed was very comfortable. The only negatives were: no coffee in the room (however one only has to go to the lobby, as they have free coffee set up until 10:00am). The other negative was we had to call for ice; they brought it up quickly each time, but we were there during a heat wave so it was a bit annoying. The location is at the north end of the Gold Coast, so we took the #151 bus on Michigan Ave to go south where many of the tourist attractions are located. The staff was very professional; Chris, the bell captain was exceptional, he always greeted and spoke to us even though we were only coming or going to the hotel from other activities. Overall, a very positive experience.
33. We never got a honeymoon. And we never have time alone. So the opportunity to get away for even one night meant we wanted some place special. We found it at this hotel. The staff was fantastic. The location was exciting. And the room (the grand penthouse suite) provided a very romantic setting for a romantic night. I highly recommend.
34. We had read mixed reviews about this hotel and were a little scared upon arrival. We loved it! My husband and I took off for a few days and never regretted our stay at the Sutton Place. Clean room, nice bathrooms, great location and walking distance to Magnificent Mile. The one thing we did not like was there was only one outlet in the room and it was behind the curtain so we did not find it until the last day. The beds were extremely comfortable as well. Concierge was great, they gave us "priority seating" for Gino's east pizzeria we also got free breadsticks for using it. O'hare airport is about 20 minutes away with a taxi and will cost roughly $35. Original house of pancakes was right across the street but I recommend eating at Tempo Cafe two blocks down. Pancake house kicked us out for bringing in a star bucks cup. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Chicago.
35. "Luxury Boutique," "Personalized Service" and "Spectacular Setting" are not just words in the hotel's promotional materials, they are a "Lifestyle" at The Sutton Place. They say it is impossible to make a second 'First Impression' and the Staff at the front door, the concierge desk and the front desk are genius at accomplishing this. Their warmth and hospitality made us feel like we were truly wanted the first time and every time we walked in and out the front door during our stay. David Sowell, General Manager, and Jennifer Pfeiffer, Director of Sales and Marketing, were so gracious to meet. Our stay was more than marvelous. Thank you.
36. We have stayed in many, many hotels in Chicago Magnificent Mile area...and keep coming back to the many attributes of Sutton Place Hotel that make it a preferred choice. It is a perfect location: near the intersection of Oak & Rush. It is not on Michigan Avenue- imakes it much quieter and we love the neighborhood feel. It is smaller and more of a boutique hotel- you don't have to walk a mile from the front desk to get to your room. Their kitchen is terrific- we love the food on the fairly extensive room menu. A bonus when you are tired and want to stay in! Great shower with water pressure! Bathrooms are slightly dated but good. Gary, the doorman, is a true delight!
37. This is our second time at the Sutton Place, having previously stayed two years ago for the Chicago Marathon. This time we were over for the marathon again and we found that the hotel was even better then we remembered, with some aspects improving 100%. For example we ordered breakfast, very early for Marathon morning. The breakfast arrived prompt. It was hot, fresh and really good and delivered to our room with a smile. We also had a mix up with the room telephone, where on our final invoice the hotel had listed some calls that we did not make. The front staff could not have been more helpful and removed the calls without any fuss or problem. ;We also had a problem with our return flight to the UK and had to try and get in touch with Virgin Atlantic. Again the staff at the front desk could not have been more helpul, trying to ring Virgin, even though she was busy dealing with guests. The hotel supplies complementary coffee and tea every morning in the lobby, a lovely touch. The rooms were clean and bright. The bathroom spacious with a lovely strong shower and plenty of hot water and towels. The rooms were cleaned to a high standard. I do not think you can find a better location than this hotel. We have explored Chicago from morning till night on foot and the location of The Sutton Place, with the wiskey bar beside it where you can sit and watch all the comings and goings in this busy, tree lined corner of Chicago, in my opinion can not be matched. You are opposite three outstanding restaurants, Gibsons, Hugo's and Mortons. Not to mention the popular Carmines and Tavern on Rush. You are a five minute walk from the lake and from Mitchigan Avenue. If I come to Chicago again I will only look to stay at one hotel, The Sutton Place.
38. Just came back from a Great Chicago sojourn. Stayed at the Sutton place which is definitely in a happening area. Lots of restaurants and three blocks from the Mag Mile. Rooms were spacious. Only complaint was that it was to have a Continental breakfast included, which it did but a very MODEST one. Definitely do not stay there for the free breakfast. Luckily for us the Original Pancake House was just across the street. YEA!!!! !
39. The Sutton Place is perfect for a sightseeing weekend in Chicago. The size of the hotel is great, large enough but seems intimate. I can't say enough about the location, one block to Michigan and all the stores. The hotel is centered around the lively Rush Street restaurants and it's great at night! Our room was on the 8th floor, immaculate, comfortable and roomy for a downtown hotel. The shower is the best shower with the best water pressure ever! Really! Room service delivered a pot of coffee in about 8 minutes each morning and the business center was great, I used their computer for internet access for free. I can't wait to return and see more of Chicago from this home base! Oh I forgot, we were in town to see the Mets play the Cubs and the red line is three streets up! Easy access to Wrigley!
40. The rooms and bathrooms definitely need updating. The rooms and nice and big, the hotel is in a great location and the staff is nice. If the rooms were updated this would definitely be a 5 star hotel. I'll cross this one off my list for now.
41. Stayed at The Sutton Place during a New Year's trip to Chicago with my wife. Being on the north end of downtown, we were a little concerned that walking to our individual destinations wouldn't be as feasible as we wanted. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the location was very conducive to seeing the city with numerous nearby shops and restaurants. The train was also conveniently nearby when needed. The service was excellent. The staff was very responsive and offered a sincere, warm bidding everytime we came and went. We even returned to a surprise treat in our room on New Year's Eve. Our Junior Suite was superb. It was clean and comfortable from the bed to the bathroom. We look forward to staying at The Sutton Place on our next visit to Chicago.
42. Its a very nice hotel and overall I enjoyed the place, but I got 5 bed bug bites on the first night. I had to be moved to a completely different floor, room and across the hall. They upgraded my room. I dont think this should deter you but I would say CHECK THE BED before you commit to the room. The staff was great about the whole thing. I was a bit freaked out but that's just because its creepy!
43. From the doorman to the cleaning service this hotel can only be described as perfect. Their location is perfect, the rooms and beds were immaculate, fantastic bathrooms and decor. The proximity to the nightlife and the staff's knowledge of it was amazing....I will never stay at another hotel in Chicago again. I would rather pay to stay at Sutton Place then a free stay anywhere else in Chicago.
44. Our stay at this hotel was disappointing. To start, our bath robe (only one in the room) was dirty with makeup from a previous guest. Then I tried to run the bath tub and the water coming out of the faucet essentially looked like sewer water. For the price tag, there are so many other hotels in this area that I will definitely avoid staying in this hotel ever again.
45. My wife and I were celebrating a friend's birthday downtown. We all stayed here and couldn't have had a better experience. The location is perfect. We had plenty of fine dining and bar options. We were also very close to Michigan Ave--the ladies loved that! the hotel service was first class. We were treated like royalty from the time we pulled up until the time we drove away. I can't write enough to explain what a pleasent experience we had at this hotel. We will most definately be staying at this hotel again!
46. The only positive was the location. Fabulous location, very central and easy to get anywhere. The hotel itself was just okay, rather outdated, but nothing I would have complained about if I hadn't had such a bad experience with them regarding my husband's wedding ring. WARNING - don't leave anything behind in your room! We checked out, left for one hour, realized my husband had left his ring (I knew exactly where it was). Went back, room had just been cleaned, and ring was gone. Hotel didn't seem to care. They launched an "investigation" which resulted in me getting a cold letter saying that they won't do anything because the result of their investigation shows they are not at fault. So, just a warning. There are plenty of other hotels that are well located where your stuff won't get stolen.
47. We stayed here because one of our friends who does a lot of research recommended it. We were very pleased. It was in an upscale part of town with a variety of nearby dining options. Try the Al Manatti's down the street for deep dish pizza. The hotel offered an a credit for an extra charge that we read could be used for things like meals and drinks. Because " the computers were down," while we were in the bar, the waiter refused to charge drinks to the room. By being cooperative, I thought we would earn some flexibility from the front desk in spending it or just crediting the amount we paid for the credit. Not so. To avoid losing these funds, we had to plan another meal there, which did not sit right with me because there were other places we wanted to check out in the area. The Original Pancake House across the street is one that visitors to the area will like, too. So, I would just avoid spending the $20 to "get the $50."
48. My husband, our 2 daughters and I spent 3 days in Chicago and really had a great time. The hotel is well situated, within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile, with great shopping and excellent and numerous restaurants. The staff at the hotel were excellent, friendly and very efficient...from the doorman to the front desk to the cleaning staff. Particularly helpful were the people at the Concierge Desk. The room at the hotel was large with a king size bed. It was spotlessly clean and had everything that you needed. The added touch of a cup of coffee in the lobby in the morning was well appreciated. All in all, we have nothing but positive things to say about the hotel and we certainly would stay again when we are in Chicago (hopefully soon).
49. I stayed here with my daughter during the Labour Day weekend. Love the location, within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile, good restaurants and high end shops. I will only talk about things not mentioned in previous review. Front desk gets the job done but strange and cold; concierge, doorman and bell-hop are friendly and warm. Louis & Gary are exceptional. TV is old with poor reception, like those found in roadside motel. Carpet is clean, bed is comfortable but a bit too soft for me. Pillows and duvet are lumpy. Bathroom is dated and the fluorescent lighting doesn't help, but I love the stool provided in the bathroom, and there are two foldaway luggage rack instead of one in most other hotels. There is no coffee-maker in the room. Complimentary coffee is served in the lobby only till 9 am. Starbuck is only 5 minutes walk on Rush, south from Bellevue. The Whiskey Bar & Grill downstairs are half empty all the time, so we never tried it. As for amenities, it seems like they are running on ration: no new shampoo the second day, no conditioner the third day, and only one face towel on the fourth day. The separate shower stall has very low water pressure, so the shower is not satisfying. We have the misfortune of having some very loud neighbours on the first three days, (we heard them through the door not the wall) otherwise the hotel could be quiet and restful. This is not quite a 4 star hotel due to its limited amenities. If you adjust your expectation accordingly, you will have a great time.
50. Our room was clean, slightly dated and pretty average but hot! We faced the west and the afternoon sun baked our room. There was no way to open windows so it was quite warm(hot). However, the staff was very nice when we asked about it and they did send someone to take a look but we were informed there was nothing they could do. The hotel in itself is in a great location with tons of nice restaurant options nearby. The subway was also just a short walk away as well as all the great shopping Chicago has to offer. The only real disappointment was the Whiskey Bar and Grill. After a long day of shopping and touring around we looked forward to a nice drink back at our hotel but service was just so so and drinks and food were sub par. Overall with the reasonable room rate, courteous staff and great location we would definitely stay at this hotel again.
51. My recent stay at the Sutton Place Hotel was just wonderful. My room had a great view of many iconic Chicago establishment. The location was perfect! The room itself was very clean, tastefully decorated and had great amenities such as Wi-Fi, a flat screen TV, DVD player, etc. The staff was extremely helpful, even late into the evening. Parking was a breeze as they offer an overnight valet. While I stayed there myself, after my wife heard me raving about the hotel, she and I are planning a trip down in the summer. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago for business or pleasure.
52. My girlfried and I had a great weekend staying at The Sutton Place in Chicago. It is smack in the middle of the Rush/State St nightlfe where some of the best resturants, bars, and nightclubs in Chicago are located and also within seconds of great shopping and Michigan Ave. The staff was very attentive and the room (especially the bed and bedding) was fantastic. The hotel is also an elegant choice for a relaxing stay. Highly recommended.
53. If there is a room available at this hotel, BOOK IT!!! I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Chicago, large chains, small chains, and independents. This is by far my favorite. I always call the Sutton Place first. I get depressed if I can't get a reservation. The doormen are first class. If you have been there before, they know your name and call you by name when they open the cab door. The desk staff remembers you are a return guest and always welcome you back. The rooms are great, the location is second to none!! Great shopping, restaurants, and bars within just steps from the front door. The staff is always happy to suggest a new place nearby for you to try. This hotel is the best bargain in Chicago.
54. Stayed here for three nights in early Feb 2010 while attending a wedding. From check in to check out the service was efficient and friendly. The room was beautiful and the maid service was excellent. It's located in the Gold Coast of Chicago, the most expensive and exclusive area with excellent shops and restaurants. It's less than five minutes from Michegan Ave or the Oak Street Beach. I didn't spend much time in the Whiskey Bar as it drew a lot of young kids and was very loud. All in all, this was an excellent hotel.
55. We booked our hotel+flight package on Priceline.com. We researched for weeks and finally settled on The Sutton. Everything about our stay there was wonderful. I called the night before to confirm our reservation and to see if we would be able to get an early check-in. The agent on the phone said she couldn't guarantee early check-in but she would put the request down. We arrived at the hotel at 7 a.m. and were thrilled we were allowed to get into our room at that time!! Every single staff member we encountered was wonderful! The room was spacious and very clean. The bathroom was nice, with a walk-in shower and large tub to soak in. There was a hair dryer, complimentary soaps, lotions, etc., iron, safe, minibar, dvd player and flat screen t.v.. Room service was excellent, eggs benedict and french toast was to-die-for! We also called the front desk asking if we could have use of their vacuum so we could space save our clothes in our luggage. The hotel accommodated our request. Our airport shuttle ended up coming early and leaving without us!! So, the doormen offered the service of the hotel driver. It was sure nice riding in a Suburban in style! We will, without a doubt, stay at The Sutton Place Hotel Chicago on our trip back next year. Thank you to all the staff that treated us wonderfully!
56. Here is the deal I was super excited and happy with the overall staff and really loved the location of the hotel. The cleanliness of the hotel was great but maybe too good! All I know is I walked in with my wedding ring and checked out without one. When I went to report it stolen after searching every piece of luggage, rummaging, the entire room and its furniture and looking thru every picture to see when it was last on me and in my possession it all lead to the same conclusion. My ring was stolen. If they hadn't said that my other two girlfriends stole my ring, charged me an extra six dollars bottle of water consumed and taken off the one bottle of water drank, then maybe just maybe I would considered staying here again. Maybe if when I reported it stolen someone would have been gracious enough to follow thru with some sort of compensation like I don't know a a free night's stay or two- but nothing. Instead just shushed and asked to file a report with the police department.
57. Staying at the Sutton Place Hotel one of the first weekends right after new years was a perfect start into the new year. Although it was very very cold in the windy city when we arrived (now I know where this nickname comes from), we were hearty welcomed by Shelby, the doorman. Right after he took care of our luggage, we were able to check in with one of the receptionists at the Sutton. After a quick check-in, we were able to head up to the room to unpack. After spending some time in the room and enjoying the beautiful view of the city and it didn't matter that we were on the 8th floor, we headed out to enjoy the Gold Coast. Exploring the nice neighbourhood at the beginning, we finally ended up having a very nice (and huge) steak across the street. We called it a night after a few hours at a club around the corner. Since the Sutton is just 2 short blocks away from Michigan Avenue, the Magnificent Mile, we almost spent the whole day with shopping. After getting back to the hotel and recovering, it was very cold outside, we came to the lobby to see the concierge. Unfortunately, the concierge was not present at that time, but Tristian,one of the receptionists, was able to get us reservations for dinner though. We chose to have italian at the IlMulino's which was outstanding. On Sunday, we asked for a late departure and there was no problem to get a later check-out. After getting all of our stuff together and doing the express check-out, we were able to head back to the sun, back to California. In general, this hotel is very nice, the room very clean and accomodating and the staff outstanding and very friendly. The location is just great. A very recommending hotel for a great price.
58. I am completely baffled by all of the good reviews, and I do not understand why this hotel would be ranked at all by Travel & Leisure. It is outdated, and probably has not been updated since 1990. As a Chicagoan I am ashamed that this would be a place that would be recommended to stay in this wonderful city. Nearby is the Sofitel, and Four Seasons which are not that much more expensive and have much better service. The Sutton Place is small and not charming and the service is non-existent. Housekeeping knocked twice this morning to clean the room while we were still sleeping. Housekeeping stood outside the door waiting for us to leave last night after we requested turn-down service. There is a cd player, but no ipod dock. Who uses cd's?, and the ones in the room were from 1990?!?!?! We did not even have a coffee maker in the room. When we checked out, we had to wait in a long line because there is no express checkout, as they actually use keys for the rooms instead of cards like every other hotel in the 21st century. Then the reception desk smartly did not ask us how our stay was because they probably knew that it wasn't to the caliber we were sold. We also could not fill-out the comment card in the room, because we couldn't find a pen anywhere in the room! Our last moment before finally leaving was waiting 15 minutes for our suitcase they had held for us.Please choose another of the dozens of hotels in Chicago with great service and great gold coast location - I love the Sofitel, or if you want budget in the area stay at the Whitehall. The Sutton place should never be on the same list as the Peninsula, Four Seasons, and Sofitel.
59. Stayed here for 3 nights in king double with partner. Location just a little out from centre but is in down town area with plenty of good (if pricey) restaurants and bars nearby. Hotel looks a bit tired on the outside, but once inside it is very nice. Room on 22nd floor was very good size with huge comfortable bed. Bathroom had seperate walk-in shower and was very clean, as was the bedroom. Great views over Chicago with full height windows. Staff very good. Only thing is no coffee making facilities in room and complimentry morning coffee in lobby was cold and weak, I thought americans did coffee? Overall very good.
60. Arrive Friday afternoon: no hot water...90 minutes of workman in room to change a mixing valve. Come back from dinner...room 95 degrees and heat will not turn off; workman in room at midnight. Wake up next morning...NO HEAT. Workman in room at 8am Return for day at 4pm to get dressed for a wedding....95 degrees and heat will not turn off. We had two rooms on the same floor (one for us, one for kids age 7, 12 and 15) and they could not accomodate a move of both rooms to the same floor, so we were stuck. Front office was rude, said they "went above and beyond" (since when is hot water and 72 degree air considered "above and beyond" and that we refused to move rooms. A lie. PLUS, I don't get how people can say the decor is clean and modern. It has not been changed since the building was built 20+ years ago, the bathroom tiles are chipped with dirty grout, and there are NOT flat screen TVs in every room as their website advertises. It is a great location near Michigan Ave and the pancake house, but find another nearby hotel. Repeat: AWFUL!
61. This hotel is so perfectly located in Chicago on a beautiful tree-lined street. Easy access to popular neighborhoods as well as nearby to trains and buses. The staff at this hotel was friendly and accomodating and very much cater to the needs of their guests. The hotel is rather business-centric, so it might not be the best option for a family on vacation.
62. Our stay at the Sutton Place Chicago was excellent in every way. Rooms were immaculate, views were spectacular, and staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, eager to meet every need and answer any request. Shopping and dining options abound in the immediate area and within walking distance; the location is generally excellent as a jumping-off point for exploring Chicago. I have stayed at many four-star hotels in the US and I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Absolutely everything about our stay was positive and I would definitely stay there again.
63. I jumped on a Living Social deal to stay at The Sutton Place Hotel. I surprised my husband for his birthday, and I am happy to say that this was the best birthday he's ever had! We checked in and met the most pleasant and helpful woman ever, Michelle G.. She overheard my husband telling the bell hop that it was his birthday so she offered a room upgrade for a very small charge. I have to admit, I had tears in my eyes when we walked into our Grande Suite. We have 6 kids and we don't get out very much, so this was a night that I will never forget. As a matter of fact, I will hold the memories fresh in my mind and look forward to our next visit. I will not "try" another hotel, there's no reason to. Everything is within walking distance. We walked to Oak Street Beach, walked to the 900 Shops, had an amazing dinner on Rush Street and had a breathtaking view of Lake Michigan. Every employee was so kind, everything was clean and we couldn't hear any other hotel guests the entire stay. I don't know quite how to say thank you.... Forget the other hotels, The Sutton Place is the place to go!
64. We stayed here in August 2009 on a trip to the States and we had no problems with this hotel. We got this hotel though Expedia before we arrived in the U.S. and were not disappointed. Check-in was smooth and quick - we arrived quite late because of dalays with out flight from JFK but the staff were efficient and friendly. The hotel is located a bit of a way from the down down/city centre part of Chicago, however this isn't a problem as it is only a couple of subway stops to the centre. The room was spacious and very comfortable as you would expect from most American hotel rooms. There was a complimentary voucher for the restaurant around the corner - Henry's Frog Bar & Fish - which gives you a free desert. We chose the slice of chocolate cake which is HUGE; not bad if you've only paid for two starters. Not a bad hotel by any means, and I would easily stay there again.
65. I brought two 9 year old girls (my daughter and her friend) to The Sutton Place Hotel, for their American Girl package. The package was nice, and the girls really enjoyed it. We loved the location (easy walking distance to the Mag. Mile) and great food within easy walking distance. What set this hotel apart was the service. I'd read about it in a lot of these reviews, and it was apparent from the time I pulled into the hotel until I left. The employee's were simply fantastic! Thank you Sutton Place Staff! We will be back, good value for the price
66. We booked one night at the Sutton Place Hotel due to a GroupOn deal that we saw offered. One night for $119 plus 1/2 off the valet for the car. We stayed the weekend of the St. Patrick's Day parade (which I didn't realize when we booked...) so the neighborhood was pretty busy. This is a great location if you want to be close to bars/clubs, good restaurants, shopping on Oak, Rush and close walk to Michigan Ave. Room was very nice, clean, modern, very roomy bathroom. Only issues were with service, we stopped with friends on late Sat afternoon to have a drink and waited over 20 minutes to get served -had to move into the main bar that faces Rush street to get served. Then on Sunday when we were leaving, we had to wait about 30 minutes for our car to be retrieved from valet so we could leave.
67. This hotel is in a great location! Lots of great restaurants are nearby and it's a only about block away from Michigan Ave. The employees here are friendly and very helpful. Our room was very spacious and clean. Nice soaking tub. TV with DVD player and surround sound. We would definitely stay here again. One tip - Skip the valet unless you really want the convenience. It was $42.00 per night. There is a self park garage one block away for about $25 per night.
68. First off, the staff at the Sutton was fabulous from the doorman, valet and front desk to the room service delivery staff. If I where to base this review solely off customer service, I'd rate it a solid 5. However, my room did show some signs of age. When staying in room 814 I noticed there to be faulty extension chords behind the television set, only the left speaker in the room worked, and the shower appeared to be broken. Only after really messing with it did I get it to work, with less than acceptable water temperatures though. My stay here was so short that it didn't really make or break the vacation, but had my stay been longer I would have kindly requested to be moved. Also, the room was billed as a deluxe lakeview however being on the 8th floor only really provided a view to neighboring buildings.
69. people were fabulous, even the doorman and the service..however the property itself is getting "run down"....been staying there for years..now seeing its age....had to switch rooms twice because of heater issues, food was only mediocre (room service)..used to be great !
70. The hotel is ideally located to Chicago shopping and restaurants (Carmine's restaurant is across the street; terrific food and massive desserts). Hotel check-in went smoothly. This high-rise hotel has two elevators and one elevator was not working, therefore wait times getting an elevator were longer than usual in the lobby and from your floor level. The rooms were fine, although certainly indicating signs of wear and tear. Check-out was cumbersome as their computers were down and the staff was shuffling mounds of paper around the front desk to reconcile check-out. The Whiskey Bar in the hotel lobby is worth checking out.
71. The Sutton Place Hotel in Chicago is extremely pleasant. The hotel has a great location near Michigan Avenue and restaurants, retail stores, grocery stores and most anything you would need. We went for a weekend in February and got a very good deal which included a wonderful continental breakfast. The room was great and we had a view of Rush Street. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The concierge provided a list of events in the city that was very well done. Free daily newspapers were a plus for my husband. You must take time to enjoy the oversize tub in the bathroom. It is very relaxing and the hotel provides bubbling mineral bath which enhances the experience. The hotel is a cut above and I heartily recommend it!
72. Sutton Place is the ideal location - set in the middle of the Gold Coast within walking distance of tons of great restaurants and nightlife. Just a few block from the lake and terrific running and biking paths. The hotel itself needs major renovating with peeling wall paper and stained furniture. Don't bother with the exercise room as it's essentially a few machines in the size of a small hotel suite. The staff is inconsistent - some were nice and professional while others were not. room service was delicious because the hotel restaurant is very good.
73. My sister and I stayed here in July to celebrate her 60th. I mentioned this to the staff and the hotel left a plate of chocolate covered strawberries for her when we returned from shopping. They also allowed us to leave our car a few hours extra on each end of our stay. They so friendly and accommodating, I couldn't believe it. You just don't see this very often - especially in a big city. Our room was spotless and beautiful. It was just what I wanted and it was reasonably priced. I would love to stay there again.
74. The Sutton Place Hotel is a nice hotel located in a very nice area of Chicago. We greatly enjoyed the location and its nearby public transportation, dining, and nightlife. Upon check-in, on a weekday, the staff was welcoming, helpful, alert to our needs, and friendly. Very friendly. The doormen were always there to open the door or grab a taxi. By the weekend, however, the service greatly declined. On Saturday, housekeeping never cleaned our room until after 5pm--and then only replaced the towels and made the bed. Empty water bottles were never thrown out and no one put the iron and ironing board away. This was in stark contrast to the quality of the room cleaning on Friday; and a disappointing way to return to our room later Saturday evening. Upon check out on Sunday, there was a wait to check out as only one person appeared to be working the front desk. The concierge seemed confused when we asked to leave our luggage at the hotel while we went to lunch, and no one seemed to be available to hail a cab for us. Otherwise, the rooms were generally clean and comfortable. Our room was large with a nice television (although a flat screen, it was not in HD) and floor-to-ceiling windows. The bathroom featured a large soaking tub and separate shower; but the fixtures seemed straight out of the 1980's. The lobby, although small, featured morning coffee and easy access to the on-site restaurant/lounge. The nearness of the restaurant announced its presence, though, with the continuous smell of cooking grease in the lobby and elevators.
75. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Sutton Place. The beds were excellent as were the pillows It is close to everything. Across the road is the Original Pancake Parlor. You could not find a better place for breakfast. The only downside to the hotel was the cost of parking, but apparently that is pretty much standard in Chicago. We parked our rental car at the Airport for $8 a day and caught the train into town and that was very easy.
76. Location was good. Rooms were ok. We were near the elevator which we could hear run all day and night. By the time we checked in, all the rooms were booked and we could not change rooms (or so we were told). Since I'm a light sleeper, this was pretty annoying. We did get early check in but had 2 other mishaps. We had our "do not disturb" (or "shhhh" sign as they have) on the door and the maid still came in and cleaned while we were out for the day. When we called down they said they were sorry and that shouldn't have happened. Second, we were told 4 p.m. when we called the day before for a late check out time. Since it was my fiance's birthday, I planned our whole afternoon around this check out time. The day of check out, they said we don't have you down for a late check out, check out is 12. They said when we called down earlier, we spoke to someone in their Canadian headquarters and they gave us an incorrect time. NOT GOOD when you have surprise plans for a nice birthday lunch! And nothing was done or said but sorry. Overall, disappointed. Not good customer service at all. They need to get it together!
77. Have stayed at this hotel several times. Not only is it centrally located, its very quiet despite being in a very busy and active neighborhood. The staff is excellent, the place is always clean and fresh, the decor is amazingly soothing and the view of downtown and/or the lake just breathtaking! The last time we stayed at the hotel, it was to host a birthday sleepover for our son and his friends. The kids LOVED the penthouse we got, as the view of the lake was incredible, the lower level was spacious and kid friendly, with a big screen television and surround sound, which was perfect for their movie watching adventures.
78. We had stayed at Sutton Place twice before and enjoyed its location and especially the view from the corner rooms. However, we always found the front desk staff cold and aloof. This visit we received no help from the Bell man coming or going. The staff response to complaints of noise, which included people talking loudly in the hallways till 4 AM was to turn their backs and make us feel unwelcome for remarking on the noise and our lack of sleep. I have never felt the hotel deserved a "choice" award, this time they don't even deserve a star. We have stayed at many hotels in Chicago downtown over the last 30 years. There are many excellent choices which provide gracious service whether low priced or high. I would suggest you pick somewhere else than the Sutton Place.
79. If I had just one thing to say negative about this place would be the lack of WiFi. Rooms very nice, clean. Pets allowed which was very nice and centrally located which is even nicer. Great people watching location. Close to the beach as well as plenty of fine restaurants.
80. First of all thank you to all hotel staff that made our vacation a great memory. The staff was friendly and happy to give us the best service. The room was spacious, clean, well furnished, and we loved the delicious welcome treats. We enjoyed the hotels location as it was within walking distance to the lake shore, Navy Pier, and the near by restaurants. The best we liked everything especially the comfortable bed and bathroom. The least we liked was the parking facility and the expensive valet parking.
81. Sutton Place appears to be fairly new, with large, clean rooms. (Our bathroom had a large tub and separate shower stall.) Staff very friendly. Located at intersection of Rush Street and Bellevue Place - a half dozen or more great restaurants and bars within sight of the hotel (i.e. Gibson's Steakhouse, Lux Bar.) Streets are busy at night with people, but didn't hear a thing inside the room. Just down the block from Lake Michigan, a few blocks to the Red Line subway. Not cheap, but no place was in Chicago - think it was a good value for the money. Would stay again.
82. I love Chicago over New York. The architecture, the people, great restaurants .... the windy city rocks. Stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel which was central to the waterfront and beach volleyball tournament. It was a first stay at the Sutton and would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were pleasant and helpful, the rooms well appointed and comfortable. Surrounded by great restaurants and a small park area which sells great gelato. In other words .... perfect.
83. I had to write this review as I have been traveling to Chicago for a few years now and have stayed at the Sutton Place Hotel for a good portion of those 2 years. The service is absolutely outstanding, the rooms are quiet and clean, and the location is the best part of all as it is close to night life, the best restaurants, and of course superb shopping. I cannot say enough about this hotel as it offers more than just a place to sleep it is a great experience everytime I go and always leaves me in a good mood when I leave. You will not go wrong with the Sutton Place anytime! !
84. A friend and I stayed at the Sutton Place to watch some friends run the Chicago Marathon. It was excellent from beginning to end; super-helpful reception staff, beautiful room with great views, really comfortable beds, soaking tub, blazing hot shower and the place is also incredibly quiet. You can easily get around by walking or subway and the Pancake House across the street is cheap, cheerful and good food. Also check out the German tea shop down the street. All in all a great experience.
85. This hotel is in a tremendous location with restaurants, nightlife, beautiful neighborhoods and shopping all a short walk away. So, we were very optimistic about this hotel. Check in went well with very nice people assisting from the front door to the front desk. Unfortunately, when we got off the elevator and went to our room, we were hit by the smell of cigarette smoke. The smell was only slightly less prominent in our corner suite at the end of the hallway. We immediately called the front desk and asked if we had accidently been placed in a smoking room and could they move us. After several phone calls to the front desk we were told that the hotel was booked and the best they could do was refresh the room for us - which turned out to be a spray with Glade (which we held onto and frequently used over the weekend as the smoking continued in the rooms down the hall). Very disappointing. Fortunately, it was a beautiful weekend in Chicago and we minimized our time in the room. Other comments: stained carpets, old bathroom but very comfy bed.
86. We came to Chicago for our honeymoon and arrived at the hotel tired but excited. The welcome at the reception was amazing. They congratulated us on our wedding and then informed us that we had been upgraded to a lake view room - WOW what a room. The views were amazing. The bed was comfy and the towels fluffy. They had even left us a card congratulating us on our marriage. I think it is little touches like this that make you remember. All the staff (in fact all Chicagoans) were lovely. The location is also great, we were able to walk everywhere, but when we went further afield, the underground was close too. We didn't have breakfast included, but the pancake shop opposite is great. Also on the corner of East Cedar Street and North State street there in an amazing breakfast place, I highly recommend going there. It is called the Corner Bakery Cafe. A really fabulous hotel, it was a great way to start our honeymoon.
87. The rooms are large beautiful contemporary decor, great bathrooms! I love the shower and of course the robes are a great touch! The best part is we were just steps away from the best shopping, dining and great jazz! We'll definately be back.
88. I can't say enough about the Sutton Place Hotel on East Belleveu Place on the Gold Coast in Chicago. I stay there at least once a quarter for business travel and I cannot imagine staying anywhere else. It is small, quiet, has wonderful staff and service and is located among great restaurants and shops - perfect after a long day of work. I am welcomed back by staff who knows me and who make me look forward to returning.
89. We spent three nights at the Sutton and found it to have the qualities we value in a hotel: quiet rooms with great beds, good housekeeping and elegant decor. The staff was helpful; but not really friendly. The location is great. It is located in the entertainment/restaurant hub of the Gold Coast. Fine dining abounds and is walkable. The neighborhood is lively and the people watching is great. We particularly enjoyed walking around the residential streets and many area parks. It is close to downtown and very near the Magnificent Mile.
90. I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have been impressed each time. With the welcoming staff and beautiful accommodations, i feel like this is my home away from home in Chicago! Sutton Place is located within walking distance to the Water Tower shopping center, other great stores and fine dining establishments. Value -The pricing of rooms is EXTREMELY reasonable. -Wi-fi is available at low to no cost. -The only thing that has a "city" price is the valet parking. However, you don't have to pay each time you take your vehicle out- just a daily price. Quality -Luxurious bath products -Sleeping arrangements are so comfortable, you feel like royalty -Delicious in-room dining options (who doesn't want chocolate souffle at midnight?) Next time I venture to Chicago, I will stay at Sutton Place! Love it :)
91. I stayed at the Sutton Place for a couple of nights on a business trip. I rarely venture outside of the Hilton chain as I am a Diamond member in that group. The Sutton is much like a Hilton in bed quality. The fabric did not smell like a hotel though....it was like mom washed it and was soothing. The bathroom had a tub with a separate glass shower. Under the bathroom counter was a stool which the ladies in our group enjoyed to apply their makeup. The room also has a DVD player with a small stereo including a few random CDs to listen to (even if I do not care for Lena Horne!). The bell staff and concierge are very good, always opening doors and making you feel very welcome. I found the attached "Whiskey" to be an OK if a little overpriced for drinks. Music was too loud. Breakfast in the Whiskey was pretty good but service was horrible. In the immediate vicinity on Rush Street is Gibson's Steakhouse and the Frog Bar as well as many other places to eat and drink. I would stay here again without a question especially if my Hilton was already booked up!
92. I just stayed at Sutton Place hotel for the past 3 nights. The location is great for shopping and restaurants. The room was nice and the beds were very comfortable. The front door men and then maid service were courteous. PROBLEM: They charge for internet. They charged us for room service that we never received and could not offer any resolution to this problem. would not allow a late check out. I would not stay here again. The front staff was TERRIBLE. Expensive area to be in.
93. Middle of the "happening" Gold Coast corner of Maple, Rush and Bellevue, steps away from Magnificent Mile, it's ideal for those that don't want the noisy hubbub of being directly ON the MM but still in a perfect spot. No breakfast included but you're steps away from LuxBar or Original Pancake House. Had a fantastic meal of homemade pastas and bolognese sauce at Marlo on Maple (ask for Jeremy for your waiter). Got the Lake corner room for a beautiful view. Loved it.
94. Rooms were great and hotel was spotless. The doorman and bell staff were excellent and knew alot about the area and how to get around. Got to see a regular room, and a PH suite with 2 floors...nice! The downside...PARKING $45 a night. Then 2 cars were charged to our room when we only had one, and low and behold the desk clerk wanted to argue about it?? Not sure what that was about, but it was moronic! Overall, a good time was had by all and you can't beat this hotel for it's perfect location within walking distance of everything!
95. The Sutton Place is an excellent hotel in a great location in Chicago. It is located right in the city center of Chicago. It offers all the service you expect from an hotel in its category. The rooms are reasonably sized, clean and nice. Moreover the hotel offers a very good bar on the ground floor.
96. We stayed 2 nights from 3-5th August and booked a double queen room via Expedia. Check in was fast, bellman friendly and we got a great room on 19th floor which was spacious, clean and well provided for in terms of towels, amenities and furniture. There is no cafe in house ( just the whisky bar & grill) so food only available via room service; however the location is so great for shopping and eating that everything is literally on your doorstep. We loved it here and would definately recommend to anyone coming to Chicago for 1st time. Highly recommend Gibsons for steaks, Pancake house for breakfast/lunch, and Pizano's for chicago style pizza ........ all within short walk from hotel.
97. Okay, we got a great rate on priceline name your price, so I can't complain, but I will anyway, the room on priceline does not guarantee you 2 doubles or 1 king, so when we checked in at 5:30 pm they stated only 1 king room available, so we had to pay extra 25 per night for one rollaway, all that would fit. The front desk claimed I booked 1 king, but according to priceline I did not book any type of bedding, I guess my fault anyway by default I could have called. So DH got the kicks to the head whilst I slept on the extra rollaway for 2 nights. Also, missed the coffee maker in room, and had to wait until 0700 to get coffee on sat morning. we are early risers and also were on EST so it did not seem so early to us. We were a 25 dollar cab ride from Science and Industry. Only could walk to American Girl Place and Hershey Chicago. Otherwise needed cabs. Nothing else going on here, no nice lobby, no pool, only adult type restaurant named "Whisky" like I would take my kids there! Next time will stay at the Embassy Suites, where we usually stay. Children did not like TV options, either. Maybe this is fine for couples, business travelers, but not a place for families aiming for the museums on the other side of the Loop. Be warned, moms! !
98. First class service. When I arrived at 11am they said my room would not be available for a few hours, but they offered me a significant upgrade to a suite for a nominal fee that was immediately available. The room was beautiful with a very comfortable bed and roomy bathroom. I will absolutely stay here again on my next visit to Chicago.
99. We stayed with our six year old granddaughter. The location was excellent; we had an easy walk to the American Girl Store and other attractions on Michigan Avenue. We upgraded to a corner room with views of both the lake and the city. I originally balked at the $40 upgrade price but it proved to be well worth it. The staff could not have been more accommodating and they treated our granddaughter like royalty. The lobby was on the small side but that really didn't matter to us. We would definitely stay at Sutton Place again.
100. The room was very comfortable. The beds were great. I travel to Chicago all the time and have stayed in most of the 4 + star hotels. I will say that this hotel was the most friendly and professional hotel I stayed at. From Gary the parking attendant to the front desk managers. The cleaning crew was great along with the friendly bartenders at the Whiskey bar. Thanks and would return again. Lisa
