1. Our aim was to get away for a few days, do some shopping and have a few good meals. The hotel was very well positioned to do that being central to all the major downtown stores and Pike Pklace Market. The hotel restaurant was no great shakes but it is walking distance to some great eateries. Would certainly return.
2. Reading some reviews after staying for a week in late September prompted me to add my review; I think some of the unhappy reviewers need to do their research better before booking a hotel so as not to blame the hotel for their own lack of knowledge. I researched heavily for my first stay in Seattle and one of many to come since my son now lives in Seattle. I must say I had no significant complaint at all with this hotel during the entire week staying there. The worst I can come up with is hearing the neighbors thru the adjoining door occasionally. The best included the cleanliness, the attention to detail with lighting and electrical outlets, the comfortable furniture, the robes, the great shower, the refrigerator, the windows can open, the wide and well lit hallways (although too warm) and of course an excellent king bed. The restaurant was always convenient for a quick happy hour and even allowed me to take a drink or a dessert upstairs; the concierge went out to the store to deliver me a Sunday NY Times newspaper. There is a great coffee shop across the street and the stunning Paramount Theater down the block. Of course, walking downtown was easy. I will be very happy to stay at this hotel each time I return to Seattle, especially if I can get the great rate I paid by calling the hotel directly to book in advance. Paramount, you were outstanding for what you promised to be.
3. Don't take a room on the inside unless you want to be awakened by the garbage trucks at 5am. The air conditioning vent had so much filthy residue trapped inside that it could not possibly pass a health audit. I stayed for 5 nights and by the 5th night I was dreadfully ill. I cannot say for sure that it was due to the room but it is highly suspect. My desk chair was broken and I asked for it to be replaced or fixed. They never did it. I would not advise you to stay here even if you think you have a great price. No breakfast no restaurant except an attached Asian food restaurant. Which was OK by the way for dinner.
4. Stayed at the Paramount for two nights. The room was on the small side but was stylish, comfortable, and clean. The hotel is conveniently located, has a helpful and friendly staff, and is within walking distance to PPM, Capitol Hill, Belltown, and the Space Needle. Best yet, the rate was considerably lower than hotels located in the same area. I would not hesitate to book a room here agaion.
5. Staid here during Sakura-Con with a group of teens. The front staff were not well versed in the local area. Trying to ask where restaurants were, the mall, transit. However, the bell man was kind and helpful. He was an older gentleman and I wish I would have gotten his name. When he saw I was getting no where with the front staff he came over and helped us out. The rooms for the price were not very good. The bathroom is the size of a closet and the hot water took forever to warm up. The halls had a very odd smell, like a dental office. You have to give a $50 daily deposit in case you use room service etc. Which they don't tell you when you reserve the room and I wasn't expecting. And all the other hotels I've ever stayed at (many) never had this. The location is great, right close to the convention center but other than for the bell man I wouldn't recommend this place. There are plenty of other hotels and we will be trying a different one for the convention next year.
6. I stayed at the Paramount June 1-3 in conjunction with a trade show at the convention center. Great location for conventions and an easy walk into the heart of downtown. The room was OK, typical hotel room with queen bed, desk, TV, clock radio, coffee maker. My room was warm and I discovered the fan was on, but the A/C was not. The thermostat was worn so you could not tell which setting was A/C and which was heat. It was sunny and 85 degree temps; needed the a/c after hauling materials to/from the show. They use energy saving compact flourescent bulbs so the room was not very bright for reading. Definitely needed the curtains open by day. I found the front desk staff to be very helpful, though the bellman gave me incorrect info when I asked where I could find a DHL office. Ate dinner at Dragonfish, the restaurant that shares space with the hotel. They seemed to draw a local crowd as well as some hotel guests. Food and service were very good. I did not use room service. If you have a car, parking is $25 night. The trade show arranged a negotiated rate so I did not compare rates with other hotels in advance. My two night stay with parking and taxes was $389. Overall a good value for a downtown hotel in high season. Not fancy, but offered exactly what I needed.
7. We were exhibiting at the convention center that was only 2 blocks away and so convenient for a 4 min. walk. Right downtown could walk everywhere, didn't need a car. Rooms very nice and restaurant downstairs had great breakfast. Great pricing compared to other hotels near by. Front desk was very helpful at recommending places and setting up car for pick up to airport, their town cars are cheaper than the taxis.
8. I don't have much to add that other reviewers haven't already said. Location is great, rooms are pretty nice for the price and the happy hour deals at Dragonfish are quite nice. We had some issues with hot water and the in-room hairdryer was small and weak (not a big deal, but most hotels now provide the full-size kind). However, I did have a unique and great customer service experience thanks to one particular employee. So all in all, I think the Paramount is a solid choice for your time in Seattle.
9. This hotel is probably one of the best in terms of location for shopping and restaurant etc. but the staff are a bit clueless. Every time I called down to the Front Desk with questions it felt like I was putting them out. Their tone of voice was no better than a 13 year old with a bad attitude! Not to mention when I checked in they yelled my room number out to me, not a good idea as a female travelling alone... The back breaker was when I called the concierge asking what time the mariners game started that day as I had tickets, he told me 7pm. When I got there at 7pm the game had been on for one hour as it started at 6:05!! Pretty basic information for a concierge to screw up on! When I had got back to my room the first day I was there housekeeping had still not been to my room, I had left at 9am and it was then 3:30. I called down to the front desk to find out what time housekeeping would be coming by as I wanted to have a nap before I went to the game. Their answer was they can come now or not at all as they leave at 5pm, how that was my problem I am not sure as they had all day to clean it... The restaurant was great, the service alright... The food was awesome and the prices are pretty good. Over all I would probably only stay here again based on location alone, it would have to be a good deal as well or I would stay at the Vintage Park or Pacific Plaza hotel.
10. The best thing about the Paramount Hotel is it's location and price compared to other downtown hotels. It's perfect if you have tickets to the nearby Paramount Theater and want to spend the night in Seattle. It's a Coast Hotel and the service standards are higher than most hotels. Designwise, it could be any hotel in any city. The corner rooms are the nicest and have nice city views.
11. The convention hotel was full, so I took a chance on the Paramount, at half the price. What a wonderful surprise. Great room, helpful staff, just one block from the convention center. I loved the pan-Asian restaurant in the hotel and ate their twice. Free internet and gym.
12. A functional hotel, comfortable, worth its price. Very friendly and helpful staff, especially the Concierges. The hotel it in plain downtown - 10min. walk from Westlake with its Central Link light rail from and to Sea-Tac Airport (Seattle Tacoma, level 4, about 45 min. travel time for USD 2.75. Can be about 20 min. of walking from the train in SeaTac to your check in area depending on your flight company) - 5-10 min. walking distance to the Washington State Convention Center. Has fitness (I did not use it), free Wi-Fi and a desk where you can print e.g. your boarding pass. I like breakfast buffets, there isn’t one in this hotel. The breakfast (paid separately) in the restaurant Dragonfish Café at the hotel is limit priceworthy. Other possibilities, including of course Starbuck’s nearby. Nonetheless I would come back.
13. We stayed here for a couple of nights this past summer. This hotel is 4 stars all the way, and in a fantastic location downtown. Rooms are very clean, and modern and the service was excellent. We had a view of the hillsides from our room, it was just amazing. Because of the location, we walked nearly everywhere. There is a free train that runs around downtown which we made use of as well. Portland is a great city to visit, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
14. I usually don't write reviews but I am an avid reader of reviews and I know how important they are. This was my second time in Seattle,last time I stayed at the INN at The Market. I debated whether to stay here or the Hyatt which was right in front of it. I got this room through Quikbook for 129.00 the night, the Hyatt was at 170.00. The rooms from the website looked less luxurious than the Hyatt but I have to say photos were deceiving. Very comfortable room, beds were queens not fulls. So comfortable. I slept better on these beds than the famous heavenly beds of the Westins where we had just stayed at when we came down from Vancouver. Small lobby very intimate but best of all was location. Two blocks away from all the shopping,Nordstrom, Barnes and Noble, West lake center and the monorail 3 blocks down. Pike Place market is about 6 blocks down on the same street. Don't know the concierges name, it would be the older man in the morning but he had great recommendations for restaurants, each one excellent and was so knowledgeable about the city and when was the best times to go to events. Highly recommend this hotel rooms, they were nice and clean and very comfortable. The best thing is they have an empty fridge so you can put all your goodies that you buy from pike place inside
15. First off we reserved 2 rooms with 2 queens. We got 2 rooms with kings on different floors. Traveled with two families with small children, so it made it difficult for us. They did provide us with roll-away beds but then there was no room to move around in the room. The parking is $27 a night, info they seem to forget to tell you about. The baggage staff was very slow and had no sense of urgency to help us with our bags. There is no complimentary anything. There is no pool..the breakfast is in the restaurant and it starts at like $8, you can't put out a little fruit for your guests, the paper is 75 cents a day. The choice of channels for the tv is terrible....for the amount you pay this place you should get more than 20 channels....the only thing great about this place is the water pressure. Might be great for a single person but definitely not for a family
16. This hotel is conveniently located in downtown Seattle. I really appreciated the fact that it was only a couple of blocks from the train station that I was able to use for my transporation to and from the SeaTac Airport. It only cost me $2.75 each way. My actual stay was excellent. My room was neatly decorated and very up-to-date. It made me feel like I was at home, not just in a hotel room. The staff is very friendly and catered to my needs. The nightly room rate was excellent. I was attending a conference at the hotel next door and my peers shared with me that they were paying more per night than I was. I would highly recommend this hotel and look forward to my next visit so I can come back to my home away from home in Seattle.
17. Great location. Near the action, but not on top of it. Rooms are average size. Beds were comfortable. Sink area is a bit tight, but so it goes. Nice lobby. Coffee in the morning. Easy access to everything. Thought it was a good value.
18. Stayed at The Paramount in late September 2011 for one night before a cruise. Got a pretty good deal on Priceline by doing my own bid. Much better than the regular rates of the hotel website or any other travel booking engine. The lobby is small, but nice. The desk clerk was very friendly and efficient and was willing to help in answering any questions. Had a room on the 8th floor facing The Grand Hyatt. The room was clean and the beds were fine. You can't expect much better from a 3 star hotel. I don't like the shampoo and conditioner dispenser attached to the wall in the shower though. They just seem unsanitary to me. I far rather prefer the individual bottles. It was a south facing room and in the sun, tended to get a little hot. The A/C, no matter how low it was set, didn't keep the room very cool. May be just a problem with that room and wasn't a big issue only being there for the one night. The room-service was way overpriced for mediocre food though. Hotels in Seattle tend to be very expensive, especially downtown. The location was great. Right across the street from Ruth's Chris Steak House and the Grand Hyatt. Only one block walk to the Nordstrom flagship store, three blocks to Macy's and about six to Pike Place Market. The valet man was excellent. He ran two blocks down to get us a cab to the cruise terminal. He got a nice tip for that. I'd stay here again for the right price, but I wouldn't pay the full fare.
19. My two girlfriends and I stayed here for New Year's 2011, and it was a wonderful surprise to find out how centrally-located the Paramount was. Our room was beautiful-we still talk about the beds-and we couldn't get enough of the sushi restaurant downstairs! Small portions to share, beyond cheap happy hour prices (we didn't pay over $5 for anything we ordered.) The Paramount was a lovely hotel. Only downside was the valet parking. At $24 a night it seemed a bit pricey, but all in all we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I would love to stay again.
20. This is a good choice for Downtown Seattle. Very well maintained and managed. My only minor complaint is some noise from the plumbing, also from the street and from an adjacent building's hvac system. Other rooms might not have this problem. Be aware that Downtown Seattle can be a bit unnerving late at night when things get quiet and only the occasional passer by or homeless person wanders by. Overall a good hotel very convenient for shopping.
21. The Paramount is a solid value with an outstanding location. The bottom line here is you are getting the same value as other more widely known branded hotels in Seattle at a significantly reduced price. Friendly service, clean, a very good option in the Emerald City.
22. We found the Paramount hotel an exceptional value for our purpose. Its very central to both the waterfront and Pikes Place market as well as the Seattle center where the space needle is located. It was just a short walk to the mall where we got to ride the monorail to the Seattle center. The concierge was more than polite as he parked our car which was included in our package. The lobby is beautfully furnished and offers a great meeting place or somewhere to rest. The room was meticulously cleaned including plenty of soft linins and offers one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on. Our package also included two complimentary breakfasts which were satisfying.
23. This was our 4th or 5th stay at this hotel. A great location. About 10 or 15 minute walk to Pike Market. On the free bus line. Nicely appointed lobby. Front desk personnel are somewhat "aloof". Could be friendlier. In room internet at $9.95/day. Too many hotels now days are going to free wi-fi and we are starting to look for hotels that offer it. Located in an area where there is massive construction. A couple of cranes nearby with one of them directly over the hotel. That's abit scary to see. Lots of daytime noise due to the construction. No parking at the hotel but there is a public parking garage across the street at the Hyatt. Rooms are currently being refurnished with new furniture. That could be nice but the new furniture is really over-sized and makes the small rooms even smaller and doesn't allow for a body to move around the room. Restaurant (DragonFish) attached to the hotel serves awesome chinese food. Overpriced though. Try eating during the evening happy hour (10pm-1am) and get several appetizers at a low price. Some other restaurants in the area within two blocks (Vons, Cheesecake factory). A starbucks is across the street in the Hyatt. I do think this hotel is going to raise their rates and won't be worth it unless they pay attention to what guests on here are saying.
24. My husband and I stayed, for the first time, in a corner king room. We were impressed with the lobby and had high hopes for the room. While it wasn't a bad room, and we would consider the hotel again if we were going to a concert, it certainly wasn't anything memorable. The not so good: The hotel had touted a 2 person tub - and while it was a soaking tub - it wasn't comfortable for two. The heater came off and on frequently and it made a jarring clicking noise each time...all night long. The maids had left the alarm on from the last guest (a major pet peeve of mine) and so we were awakened at 7 a.m. And, a large group of guests arrived in the room next door at 7:30 and the lack of soundproofing between connecting rooms became glaringly apparent. The good: The bed was comfortable and the amenities were nice. The price was right at $143 for the upgraded room. It was fun to watch all the concert goers before and after the concert - and not to have to worry about parking or showing up early. We dined at the Dragonfish there in the hotel and had a great meal. Overall, it was just an o.k. stay...I had hoped for more.
25. I snagged a great deal at the Paramount for $116 a night for a standard 2 double bedroom. When we first got there, I was really surprised at how nice it was for the price. The rooms were very well decorated, with a flat screen tv, marble bathroom, great view, etc. The front desk was quick and helpful. The Asian fusion restaurant, Dragonfish, on the first floor has an outstanding happy hour menu with inexpensive drinks and sushi. Great location, minutes from the shopping areas and about 6 blocks to Pike's Place. Have to pay for internet, but there are 2 computers in the lobby for guest use. We opted not to pay the $27 parking fee (outrageous, I know) but instead found closeby metered spots. Overall, great experience at a way better price than other downtown hotels. Will definitely stay again!
26. 3 nites of good beds, clean room/bathroom, good staff, went for gift show in nearby convention ctr. hotel restaurant isn't very good, try others like palace kitchen, wild ginger, le pitchet. staff helpful in making reservations, and bellman is very nice! we've stayed all over seattle, and this newer hotel is a great buy, request corner room for bigger one, and join the hotels' guest program, coast hotels to get free upgrades
27. We were paying about $10 more per night than other relatives staying in a Best Western near Seattle Center, and this was a better area in which to stay and a nicer hotel. It's in the heart of the downtown from which you can walk to Seattle Center or Pike Place Market and the water, or go a couple of blocks to public transport (monorail to Seattle Center, light rail to/from airport, bus to Museum of Flight). This boutique hotel has some style as opposed to the big chains, obvious even to my teenage daughter commenting on the details. We enjoyed the bustle and excitement of this area of downtown, and we have no complaints about the room or cleanliness or service or noise. The room was very dark at night and the beds were comfy, so we got a great night's sleep. The Concierge pointed us to an outdoor creperie for breakfast (yum!) and helped with our transportation needs. We opted for a taxi to the Amtrak station to catch our train to Vancouver. It was rush hour, so the concierge had to stand out there quite a while to catch one that was empty. Luckily we had allowed plenty of time. It was a short and inexpensive ride, so don't struggle with luggage on a public bus if going to the King Street station.
28. The location is EXCELLENT, the staff is friendly, welcoming, knowledgeable, and helpful, the beds are heavenly. The restaurant (Dragonfish) has amazing food, and a wonderful happy hour small plates menu, though it can get quite busy, the hostess just took our room number and called us when our reservation was ready. One of my favorite places to stay in Seattle.
29. was back at this hotel after a couple years and I would like to point out that Jerry who is the reservation or front desk manager has been a welcome constant at this hotel, made my reservation through him and was also checked in as well by him. He is nice and was very helpful. The hotel has gone through some renovations which make it look nice, Dragonfish changed their menu a bit but their food is still good. A nice and elegant no frills hotel with great personal service, I have and always will recommend this hotel. Ask for Jerry he will take care of you.
30. For my first visit to Seattle I wanted to explore the downtown a bit and so I booked a couple of nights at the Paramount, based in part on reviews here. I was not particularly disappointed, nor was I blown away. It is on the edge of downtown, with parking lots and demolition going on across the street on one side and the Hyatt on the other. Still, the location isn't bad. My room was nice enough, but faced the Hyatt and so was a little dark with little natural light. The staff were helpful and friendly, and the services fine, although I was disappointed they have no gift shop to buy a magazine or other small items. Dragonfish restaurant attached is not run by the hotel but lets you sign charges to your room, and is a very good place, if a bit pricey. All in all I would probably stay somewhere else next time, but wouldn't discourage anyone from selecting this place either.
31. The Paramount has a lot of strengths. The room was huge. The decor was cool and modern. The beds were really comfortable. It was quiet and is in a nice central location. The restaurant downstairs has amazing happy hours with great food and drink specials. Finally, the staff is spectacular: extremely friendly and helpful.
32. After staying in Seattle at least six times and walking at least ten minutes from my hotel (even those attached to the convention center), this hotel was a blessing in disguise. I know other reviewers refer to it as "vintage" and older, but you could never tell that from the decor. I found it be be very above average and charming. Only 200 or so rooms, so never crowded. The rooms were larger than most, woth the exception of a small closet. The bed was comfy and had plenty of pillows. I had a corner room and the view was exceptional. My only complaint is that the ice machines are on every other floor. Only two blocks to the front door of the convention center (under the canopy) and right in the heart of everything you need - Pacific Place Mall is two blocks, there are three - count 'em - three Starbucks within two blocks and a Barnes and Noble bookstore. Dragonfish restaurant is attached and has great seafood and sushi. Von's is one block away and the Cheesecake Factory is two blocks, as is The Oceanaire. Go "downhill" two blocks to get a great view of the space needle. Be warned - you can walk to Pike Place Market from here, but the trip back to the hotel has a vicious hill - wear good shoes or be prepared to take a cab.
33. We stayed prior to a cruise. Since we had just arrived in Seattle, we wanted to see some of the city. The staff was very helpful with advice, directions and maps. The hotel itself was very nice. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. A room on a higher floor would have been quieter. Only negative was the attached restaurant for breakfast. We arrived and though there were few patrons, it took a while to be seated. A waiter showed up and took coffee orders. He quickly retuned with coffee but not my requested milk. We gave him the order and he promised to return with milk. We did not see him again for almost 20 minutes and he brought the check. We told him we hadn't eaten yet. He mumbled and went off. He returned quickly with our breakfast. It had obviously been sitting somewhere since it was barely warm. He returned about 10 minutes later with the check again. Never got milk and felt it would be a waste of time to try getting anything corrected. I would find somewhere else for breakfast.
34. We came to Seattle for business and play combined and needed a hotel next to the convention center that was well priced. We found the Paramount and were so thrilled. This is a fantastic place to stay. Beautiful, clean, wonderful bathrooms and polite staff. Given the chance I would come back to this hotel repeatedly.
35. My companion and I stayed at this hotel because it was one of the most affordable on the day we went. We also like the location of the hotel. It was within walking distance to shopping and entertainment in Capitol Hill. The rooms were pretty large with average furnishings. The furnishings were pretty old. The view was very nice. Nothing fancy about this hotel, but the location and the price were its main attraction. I would stay here again if the price was cheaper than other hotels in the area.
36. What a great hotel. Good price point for such a prime location. It is right in the heart of the Westlake shopping area, with the light rail station only a few blocks, and the market only 5 blocks. It's completely central to any of the major tourist attractions you could want and negates needing a rental car. The rooms are clean and modern and the beds are extremely comfortable. The curtains are almost black out, which is great for sleeping in. I didn't try the Dragonfish, but did order room service which was well priced (for room service anyhow) and was up in 10 minutes. My pancakes were delicious, but I was a little disappointed with the "hash brows" because they were really only cubed potatoes. They accommodated us with an 3 hour early check in and a two hour late check out and when we asked for wine glasses, they happily obliged with souvenir ones to take home. Great hotel, great service.
37. Stayed here for 3 nights with my best friend recently. The hotel is just great! The staff is friendly and super helpful (ie: tourist questions, room questions etc), the rooms are neat and clean and comfortable, the location is perfect and close to everything you need downtown including transit to anything outside of downtown (monorail, bus stops, lightrail). We were also provided with free Wifi, which was great! I would definitely recommend this hotel as we had a fantastic experience with it!
38. The Paramount is in a great location for sightseeing and shopping. Everything is at your doorstep. The Public Market is only blocks away and a great place to start the day. We were able to walk to the baseball stadium and get tickets on the day of the game.
39. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean. There is a coffee maker and an empty refrigerator. The full length mirror in the room is nice. We were on the 4th floor facing the Hyatt so we didn't really have a view. The pros: - Convenient the location, walking distance to Pike Place Market (8 short blocks) and Bell Town. - Free coffee in the morning and apples in the afternoon - Beds are pretty comfy The cons: - The gym was a joke. The treadmills were ok but the ellyptical machines were bad. One had wobbly paddles and the other one squeaked when you paddle. The weight machines are so packed together that you can't really move the weights. They do have free weights and a bench though so I used those instead. - The housekeeper walked in on me without knocking at 9 a.m. in the morning when I was getting ready to go in the shower. Not cool! Conclusion: Overall it was a good experience. I would stay there again.
40. We stayed at the Paramount this month to attend a play. Everything about the experience was great until we checked out. Our GPS system had been stolen. It was put away in the glove box and we noticed immediately that it was gone when the Valet brought our car to us. When we talked to the front desk, they told us they contract out their parking (United Parking) and referred us to the supervisor of the company. He contacted us on Monday and told us he would do an "investigation". One week later (after calling twice for information) we heard back from him were informed "my employee has been here three years and I trust him. I don't believe it was taken from here". So now we are out a GPS and will NEVER stay at the Paramount again.
41. We have stayed here a couple of times and have enjoyed it. The best place to stay if you are going to the Paramount Theatre! The Dragonfish has great food, and they have a LATE happy hour for the food and select drinks that can't be beat!
42. Debit cards are just a plastic check and not a credit card. They needed a deposit for any extra charges and that whatever isnt used will be given back a few days after you check out. Messed up my checking account but later found out there is a huge difference, and defintely not the same. When they ask for a credit card just give a credit card, and if you can afford to give your debit card away dont stay at a hotel. Other hotels and car rental places do this too
43. My daughters and I spent the weekend. We had a great time in Seattle. The hotel was very helpful with directions, coupons and town car service to the airport. The Happy Hour at the Dragonfish was exceptional - great prices, great food, great service. The room was very clean and beautifully decorated. We would definitely stay here again.
44. Ok, it is bad. The room is shabby, the shower made a horrible noise whenever the water was running. Sounded like a jackhammer. Valet parking was terrible. Did not want to leave our car there. Tons of construction in the neighborhood which starts at 6:30 am. Staff was rude and impatient. The location isn't even that good, a little to far north for me. A long walk back up hill from Pike Place Market to the hotel. And the price was too high for the quality of hotel and service. Live and learn.Booked our hotel before reading reviews on Trip Advisor.
45. The Paramount hotel is in a great location. It is within walking distance of the convention centre, the Paramount theater, Pike's place market and all sorts of shops and restaurants. The hotel itself is in an older building, but renovations have obviously kept it up to modern standards. The rooms are spacious, clean and well maintained. The service provided by the front desk, and the concierge/bell desk/valet in particular, were top notch. Everyone was very friendly, and eager to pass on maps, coupons and recommendations for the local area. I would definitely go back.
46. We were very impressed with what we got for the price we paid. The hotel is recently remodeled and the rooms are very clean and modern as is the hotel lobby. The location is excellent being just a short walk to Pike Place and various neighborhoods for shopping and dining. The restaurant is excellent - with 7 hours of happy hour specials a day - who could argue?! The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review all the way around is that we could hear the person in the next room peeing. Not the most romantic thing to hear as you're lying in bed. Other than the thin wall between rooms, it was an excellent stay and we'd definitely stay there again.
47. I stayed there for the APSA Conference; booked on Travelocity. The hotel is a perfect location -- a block from the Seattle Convention Center/Conference Center, which was very convenient. It's also within short walking distance of lots of tourist-type things like Pike Place Market and the monorail to the Space Needle. The room was pleasantly decorated in warm tones (gold, brown, cream and red), separate shower and bathing tub, & all of the amenities worked (iron, blow dryer, etc). The furniture was comfortable. The staff was friendly, helpful, and prompt, and the hotel's restaurant is good. I really have nothing bad to say about the Paramount!
48. The hotel is in downtown Seattle right in the middle of it all. The Paramount theatre was across the street and there's shopping on every corner. Tiffany's was down the block. Pikes Market was 4 blocks away. The staff was very friendly and we're very accommodating. Tom in the lobby was very helpful with his suggestions on which tours to take to where to eat. The room was very clean. We asked for more towels and they arrived within minutes. There is an empty fridge for your use in the room, that was great. The first two days the person cleaning the room was excellent, the weekend shift was okay it was cleaned well but forgot to replace a robe, soap and the extra towels. The problems were rectified immediately. Would stay there again.
49. The hotel was under exterior renovations, but that worked out for me as I was out of my room for most of the day. The rooms were completely renovated and tastefully done. The biggest issue is that upon going to bed the first night, I noticed an overpowering smell of urine in my bed. Stripping the sheets, I found a fairly fresh urine stain that made me want to vomit. Luckily, I retired the second bed in my room. I notified the front desk to make sure it was cleaned at some point. My gripe was that housekeeping must have noticed this when they changed the sheets, but made no attempt at cleaning the mattress and simply covered it back up. Some other minor issues were the desk chair in the room (it fell short of an appropriate working height of the desk and constantly fell down when your leg accidently hit the adjustment bar in front, poor choice of chairs), the elevator door was annoyingly slow to close (I was up and down several times per day), the exterior and lobby doors should be automatic and I noticed people struggling to open them and get their luggage through, they also were misaligned and did not open well. The wireless bill did not get charged to the bill, you had to enter your credit card for it. Never ever seen this in any hotel I have ever stayed at. Very annoying. Also, the restaurant downstairs I assummed is affiliated with the hotel, but the bill gave you no option to bill it to your room.
50. I got a good deal by booking on the hotel's website where parking was only one dollar extra. For a hotel in downtown Seattle, that was a very good offer. Our room was very clean and the service was very friendly. Plus it was in a great location, near shopping, restaurants and theaters. I would definitely choose this hotel again, especially if they are offering the parking promotion again.
51. We stayed 1 nite prior to an Alaskan cruise. Location was great, walking distance to Seattle Market Place and restaurants as well as being downtown. Hotel concierge, Tom, provided us with valuable information on how to save lots of money by taking light rail from the airport to the hotel, only 2 blocks from light rail station. Room was clean, bed was comfortable.
52. Amazing motel, amazing staff. Loved the pillowtop beds, beautiful rooms, very quiet. Big screen TV, refrigerator, coffee pot, all added to comfort. Squeaky clean room and nice size. We enjoyed dining at the Dragonfish restaurant for great food and reasonable pricing. Felt right at home and appreciated secure valet parking. Assistance is all around w/ staff waiting to help on all levels. Very close to all downtown shopping and exploring. It was a wonderful hotel, but not intimidating or snobbish. Generally, when we stay at a downtown Seattle hotel, we are happy to be getting back to our own homes and beds, but with Paramount, we were sorry we didn't have a few more days. It was that comfortable and amazing. Will definitely be booking with Paramount again soon.
53. diagonal across the street from the Paramount theatre (Billy Elliot the musical was a one minute walk) and central to all the shopping, transit, museum areas etc. Five minute drive from ferry terminal so avoided all the notorious highway traffic. Free wi-fi. Not a lot of street noise (sirens, drunks, honking etc) which was important as I was to find out. Top notch location. Price was pretty good for downtown Seattle (I paid $145/nt for two doubles) parking was extra $27/nt, and all the usual heap of taxes. Rooms aren't big, just enough room for two people, bathroom had smallish tub but everything was clean and worked. Beds comfortable but the windows seemed to have drafty gaps and the air conditioning unit on it let in outside air and sound as if it was an open window. Had there been much noise it would have been uncomfortable; I wasn't taking chances and jammed the earplugs in before bed. That was my only real complaint, that weird gappy window/air thing.
54. I stayed at this hotel while I was attending an expo at the convention center in January. I ended up with a very early morning arrival flight, and hoped that the hotel would hold my bags until check in since I had a meeting at 11am... they let me check into my room at 9:30am! Hotel was very clean, very quiet, great for a business trip. My room was right next to the elevators and I didn't hear a thing. Situated downtown, it was within walking distance of the convention center, and lots of stores and restaraunts. The night before I needed to leave there was a big snowstorm in town, and I was worried the rail system would not be running the next morning. I talked to the front desk and they painlessly arranged for a hotel town car to take me in so I could make my flight on time. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
55. This is a very nice hotel. Our king-size bed was very comfortable. The room was very clean and anything you may need was available in the room. It was very quiet. There was some city traffic noise but not noticable. After a long day of sightseeing it was great to come back to. Our only complaint was the cost of parking our car. I wish we would've not rented a car and took the train from the airport. There is so much to see in Seattle and great free transportation.
56. My family stayed there for a couple of nights including Christmas Eve this past December. It's central location is ideal for shopping and eating in downtown Seattle. The decor fits well with the holidays. The rooms are comfortable. We got connecting ones which provided us parents privacy and our kids some freedom. As always, parking in Seattle is a challenge, but worth putting up with for couple of nights to enjoy the holiday festivities.
57. I was in town for business and booked the hotel through my corporate travel agency. My rate was $142 a night which I found to be a great value. It was a great location and within walking distance to a lot of the tourist attractions and businesses. My room was clean. The front desk was very helpful, I had a 6:00 AM flight and they arranged for transport to the airport. The hotel restuarant, Dragonfish, was good. They had a happy hour every day with good drink and food prices. I would stay there again. Given the location and price, I would rate my stay as above average.
58. We recently stayed at this hotel during our Canada/USA holiday. This hotel was beautiful. Large room, with amazing king size bed, stunning bathroom, and a view. We were sad that we didnt get to stay longer at this hotel. Great location, we walked to Pike Market and further. There was transport close by, and some great shops/restaurants. Staff were really helpful. We would recommend this hotel without hesitation.
59. The Paramount is understated- the lobby is small and cozy and the location, while close to everything downtown, is subtly placed. I knew the hotel as a family member had stayed there before, but wasn't familiar with it's details. We were very pleased when we got to our room- quite spacious with a king bed that honestly gave us such a great sleep that we meant to ask the front desk about the mattress brand and bedding. The Dragonfish Cafe in the hotel is simply awesome. We almost scratched plans for sightseeing just to take part in the happy hour but decided on just having a drink (spicy wasabi Bloody Mary!) and returning for a nightcap after a trek around town. When we returned to the hotel and the Cafe, it was obvious that it was a popular spot for locals and hotel guests alike. The sushi was good and the drink selection interesting and yummy . We retired to our room happy campers and, as mentioned, had a surprisingly excellent sleep. The Paramount has clearly invested in the details. I would absolutely return next time I'm in Seattle.
60. I just returned from a three night stay at the paramount. The location was pretty good, we could walk to almost all the downtown sites we wanted to see. The bed was very comfortable and the lobby staff friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, room service wasn't as good. One morning, it took us 45 minutes to get silverware to go with our breakfast. By the time someone came back up with it, the food was cold. We were told that the restaurant manager would call us but no one ever did. Upon checkout, we had to ask, for the third time, to have the breakfast charges removed. One tip: if you want english breakfast or earl grey tea, don't order it from room service. It'll cost you $3.50, they don't bring sugar or cream, and you can get the same bag of tea in the little coffee maker kit in the bathroom for free.
61. First....location! We were there for a conference and it is a block from the Convention Center....shopping and restaurants all over. REALLY close to Pike Market....a few blocks from the $2.50 train from the airport. Bar / Restaurant downstairs (Dragonfish) had a great Happy hour and sushi. I had a corner room on the 9th floor and loved it!
62. The Paramount was one of the few hotels in downtown Seattle that I had not stayed in over the past 15 years. I booked the room through Hotwire for $112+tax. A decent price for a room in downtown Seattle in the summer. I was here to attend a Mariners game and meet up with a friend, and the room was comfortable for pre- and post-game socializing. The location of the hotel is great...close to the convention center, bus and light rail tunnel, Westlake Center as well as restaurants and shopping. I was impressed with the room...while not being large, it had more than adequate space and amenities. King sized bed (very comfortable), lounge chair and ottoman, large desk (with lots of electrical outlets! ), flat screen TV, and mini fridge. The bathroom was separated into the sink/vanity and toilet/shower spaces which is nice. Free AT&T Wi-Fi in the room as well. The staff was friendly and helpful. Getting my car from the valet took less than three minutes... My stay at the Paramount was a very pleasant and positive experience. I recently booked a two-night stay in July on Hotwire for $123 a night, and I am looking forward to my next stay.
63. We booked the Paramount with a little apprehension, since downtown hotels are often either industrial/impersonal or old school fusty. The Paramount was neither, rather a tastefully designed, conveniently located (close to all central attractions and within the Ride Free Area for public transportation) facility. Our room had a new and contemporary feel. The bathroom was indeed on the small side but it presented no problems. Service from the desk staff and the bellman was totally helpful, anything we asked was "no problem." We encountered no advance charges for room service or damage; hopefully that policy is gone. Now, a few drawbacks - the hotel charges $9.95/day for wifi, does any other motel/hotel anywhere do that anymore? There are 2 free computers in the lobby, so it wasn't a major problem for us, but it's a bad policy. Parking is all valet and $27/day. I guess that's standard practice in downtown hotels, but it really makes it cumbersome to get the car. Luckily, as I said, for our 1 night there it wasn't a big issue.
64. I was booked into this hotel for business. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The hotel was recently renovated and is really nice. The rooms were clean and I forgot an item and was able to get it back from the front desk staff. DragonFish, the restaurant downstairs was good too. I highly recommend it if staying downtown in Seattle.
65. Easy walk to light rail, Monorail, Pike Place Market. We even walked to the pier to catch the Victoria Clipper. (To avoid the stairs down to Alaskan Way, walk down Wall St. or look for the elevator near the Marriot on Western Ave.)
66. The Paramount was a nice surprise - classy and elegant without being over the top. When was the the last time that someone arrived at your hotel door with water and chocolates to welcome you? And in a hotel that is very affordable and nicely located. Friendly welcoming staff, clean, one of the best hotels I've stayed at in a long time!
67. I have to say that I was quite pleasantly surprised by the Paramount Hotel. I had difficulty securing a reservation at the major chain hotels in downtown Seattle, so I made a reservation at the Paramount (which is part of a small chain, called Coast hotels, of mostly West coast properties). I made the reservation with hesitation, because the room rate was quite affordable in comparison with other things in the area, but the level of service and the quality of the accommodations matched those of more expensive properties nearby. The lobby of the hotel is quite small, but well-appointed. My guest room was great -- well-designed, nice furniture, good work space, etc. Best of all, the bed was incredibly comfortable! It was really one of the most comfortable beds I've encountered in my travels. I found the staff very polite as well. The only thing I didn't care for was the fitness center, which was sort of a dungeon in the basement. Considering the value and other positive aspects of my stay, however, I will stay here again when business takes me to Seattle.
68. Rocked up to The Paramount Hotel not expecting much after a not so nice hotel experience in New York but boy was I wrong. Everything from the staff to the amenities everything. The fire place in the reception area was a nice touch since it was raining when I arrived at the hotel. The room was cosy, the free WiFi was a godsend, the staff was courteous and helpful. Location wise it's brilliant, a block away from the convention centre, Pike's Market just 6 blocks away and Caffe Ladro just opposite the hotel! I would very much recommend The Paramount Hotel to any traveler passing through Seattle! ps: the chocolate truffles that was promoted through a Foursquare check-in was extremely good. I certainly didn't expect that! :)
69. I loved everything about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights in early September, and were glad we chose this hotel. It seemed like an upscale hotel, but without an overly upscale price. The customer service is top notch, the location is perfect, and the rooms are very comfortable. I'm normally a firm matress kind of guy, but I swear lying on that bed was like lying on a cloud. Very comfortable. I'm normally not a fan of having the bathroom sink outside of the bathroom, and not beyond a closed door, but the way they configured the room, you got the best of both worlds. Location-wise, this hotel is just a short walk to all of the attractions, and the monorail, which will get you over to the Space Needle and Experience Music Project area. Don't waste your money on a rental car if you're planning on staying in Seattle, because you won't need it. We didn't eat at the restaurant on the main floor, but it seemed to be busy at all the peak times, so I can only assume that means the food is decent. Next time we're in Seattle, we'll definitely be staying at this hotel again. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
70. Laid back, nonintrusive hotel suitable for business or vacation stays, centrally located on Pine--3 blocks from Westlake, a block from the bus terminal ($2.75 airport transfers), and a block from Von's Martini and Manhattan Shrine, never to be missed. Off-lobby sushi restaurant also serves conventional breakfast, lively at night. But walking over to Pike and up a couple blocks, you're at Tango, never to be missed on any trip to Seattle. The rooms are pleasant and clean, with the baffling omission of a coffee maker or kettle--really a weird thing to forget. Instead of a mini-bar, there's a small refrigerator with two bottles of $2.50 water--drink from the tap instead. Complete personal care from 40-year veteran, bell captain Tom Fleege, a happy and gracious individual who has been a fixture on this corner at the former Camlin Hotel across the street. If you have the interest, chat him up--this is a modest man who has really distinguished himself in the conduct of his life. He is the soul of the hotel, which is not to take anything away from his colleague, Richard, or the elegant and helpful John Hiles at the front desk. This is a well-run place. Not counting the missing kettle! At the last minute, we booked a conference room for a couple days. Excellent service from the restaurant, asinine charges from AT&T for the wireless, but what do you expect.
71. I am writing this review from my room at the Paramount, actually, and I have been very pleased with the hotel during my stay this week. The location is within a reasonable walking distance of shopping, restaurants, and the Pike Place Market (if you pack the proper shoes!). The neighborhood feels comfortable and safe to me, which is important as a female traveling alone. The lobby is warm and cozy with couches and a fireplace. The room is well-appointed with contemporary furnishings and a comfortable bed. There's a big TV, a sleek marble bathroom, a small closet, and a large desk in the room. I stayed at the Warwick on my previous trip, and I've found the Paramount so much more to my liking. I will absolutely stay here again if given the option. And I've already recommended it to my fellow coworkers for their future trips to our corporate HQ. Things I don't love about the Paramount: The view isn't much --- the rooms look toward other high-rise buildings. The pillows are all really firm. The don't match the soft coziness of the bedding or mattress. They're like cuddling up with couch cushions. It would be nice to have an in-room microwave. There IS a mini-fridge, but no microwave if you want to use that mini-fridge to store leftovers. Your only option for room service (aside from breakfast) is overpriced -- tasty, but overpriced -- Asian cuisine from Dragonfish. The room service order-taker and delivery person were both very nice and professional, but it would be wonderful to have a wider range of menu options to select from.
72. Our stay was very enjoyable. The bed was amazingly comfortable, and the decor in good taste (lots of texture, neutral tone, and rich burgandy to soothe the spirit). We were close to everything, walking distance to Pike Place Market. We did the B & B option and was we worth the value.
73. We only stayed one night but my husband and I really enjoyed our stay. Room was pretty big and spacious and the bed was comfortable. Everything was clean and furnishings were modern. Most importantly though was how close everything was. It's right in Downtown and everything but the Space Needle is walkable--shopping and restaurants. Pike Place Market was 7 blocks away, but it was a nice walk through the Downtown area. It's also really close to Westlake Station (2 blocks), so if you fly in/out and don't want to rent a car, this is a great option--only $2.75 per person each way. The hotel even allowed us to check in early (1:00) which was nice because we had just arrived back in Seattle from our Alaskan cruise (the only negative which is why I'm giving Service 4 stars instead of 5 was the girl at the front desk who offered another couple more options about checking in early--which floor and view they wanted, which was not offered to us...whatever...). The bellman made up for it, who gave us the idea of taking Light Rail to the airport, saving us about $35! Overall, great stay!
74. I stayed one night in the Paramount in room 315..Buyer beware, do not stay in this room as it overlooks the back parking lot over the Huge garbage dump..Also, faces the vents from the Chinese Restaurant attached to the hotel so the room is filled with the smell of frying foods(horrible) and garbage....Even if your window(small) is closed and the a/c on, the smell overwhelms ! Also, huge light is right outside window and shines very bright into the room. Otherwise, the Hotel is in a good location for sightseeing and shopping..
75. My wife, one year-old son and I stayed at the Paramount for two nights over a weekend to attend a family wedding at the Hyatt across the street. The location is great (ten minute walk from Pike Place Market) but construction in and around the area means you're forced to use valet parking ($25/night). Our first day and night at the hotel were great. Room is decent and clean. The cleaning staff is very friendly; the frontdesk staff and valets are OK. The in-house restaurant is mediocre but not too pricey. Things started to go terribly wrong on our second night. Our toliet overflowed at 11pm resulting in a flood in our bathroom. A cleaning staff person caming to our room and plunged the toilet, but the toilet plugged up again the next morning. This time a real maintenance person came and fixed it, but noone came to clean the floor like we requested. The manager knocked off $50 for that incident. We then called down to have our car retrieved from the valet upon checking out. They could not find our car for about an hour! We nearly thought our car was stolen! Still not sure why our car could not be found for that time. Meanwhile our son was tearing up the lobby. Needless to say we left the hotel very frustrated and upset. We found out afterwards that the manager took off the second night room charge and parking from the bill, but the damage has been done. Even though rates are half that of the Hyatt, maybe go to a better hotel with better service.
76. At midnight the attendant could not find my reservation, even though I provided a confirmation number. He had me wait for an hour while he assisted other guests. He was very rude and would not let me use the phone to call other hotels for vacancies. Later the manager offered me a night in one of their associated hotels; another wild goose chase with unreturned calls and false promises. PLEASE don't give this awful chain your business!
77. I did not enjoy my stay here. If you are on a budget and the other hotels are too pricy - Fairmont, etc - then this will work for you. But I thought the staff were unprofessional and I was uncomfortable with the men at the desk. I was put in a room that just didn't have the feeling be being fresh and clean. It was dark, dirty, and noisy from the construction right outside my window. The only food available is from a Chinese restaurant that is in the hotel. I didn't try it, but it doesn't look appetizing. Based on my overall experience I could not recommend this hotel.
78. i was happily surprised at the paramount hotel. first off, the location is stellar. easy 8 block walk to pike place market. the lobby is sort of lackluster but the rooms were tasfully updated and very clean. we asked and were granted an upgrade to a corner king executive which was pretty spacious. the beds were comfy and nice bathroom ammentities. only thing i did notice was in the hallways, as soon as you exited the elevator there was an odd smell but once you got inside your room it was gone. i would definitely stay here again.
79. I first wrote a review of this property in March 2009. Since then, I've stayed a couple of more times, including most recently in November 2011. The hotel continues to impress and deliver an experience that is in-line with other major downtown Seattle chain hotels that charge a room rate that can be up to double what I pay at the Paramount. In that regard, this hotel delivers superior value. The staff -- valet and check-in -- has always been very helpful. The rooms are superb -- spacious, well-appointed, with awesome beds. Internet access was high-speed and easy to use. On this last stay, I was assigned a corner room which had great views but, because of having two windows and being on the corner of a busy street, was also a bit noisier (sirens, etc.) that previous rooms. The only aspect of the hotel that could be improved, in my opinion, is the fitness center -- it's in the basement and has older equipment. Location is excellent; the hotel is within walking distance of a bunch of restaurants and the downtown shopping. Highly recommended (still)!
80. A friend and I shared a room for one night in late Dec. 07. There was an online special of $129/night, which included valet parking. The room was plain and average-szed, but clean and comfortable. The location is very good, in the thick of shopping and restaurants, halfway between Pike St. Market and Capitol Hill. A nice touch- there's complimentary internet computers off the lobby and the hotel's restaurant, Dragonfish has good sushi/pan-Asian food if you don't want to go outside in the rain. There's a lot of construction going on around the hotel so make sure you get a room that is high up and that does not overlook the construction site (ask for a room overlooking Pine St) and you'll be fine. And don't pay more than $129/night for a room, there are better deals out there in the higher price range. For the price I paid, I was perfectly content and I'm surprised about all the bellyaching in previous reviews - maybe they paid too much.
81. We've always enjoyed our stay at the Paramount Hotel in Portland, OR. So when family members were visiting us last month, we thought we'd spend a weekend with them at the Paramount in Seattle. The location was excellent (near downtown shopping as other reviewers have mentioned). Staff was very courteous and helpful. Compared to the Portland location, the Seattle Paramount needs some sprucing up. The elevator was marked and scuffed. The hallway to our room smelled of cleaning or toiletry products (we couldn't tell which). There appeared to be some water damage in our bathroom. However, our room was clean and quiet. It was a convenient location, but not a luxurious accomodation.
82. I was very pleased with my stay at the Paramount. I was apprehensive because the price was lower then other hotels in the area but there was no reason to. What a great value for a great hotel. The rooms are modern and clean. The beds are comfortable and they have nice thick duvet blankets. It's a smaller hotel, which works because you don't get lost in the shuffle of all the unnecessary things that some hotels have. The staff at the desk are pleasant and so is the concierge , they make you feel like a person...not just another guest. My favorite thing about this hotel is how close it is to everything. All the best shopping in Seattle is within close walking distance. It's an easy quick walk to Pike's Place Market and waterfront. The convention center public transportation center is right around the corner from the hotel...from there you can easily take a bus or light rail to anywhere in the city including Pioneer Square. But really the hotel is a $7 cab ride to anything that you want to see that isn't near by. You can also take the light rail from the Airport and it drops you off right by the hotel. Finally there is a restraunt downstairs called Dragonfish that is excellent. It's Asian inspired and they have some incredible little dishes of sushi and japanese type dishes. They are low priced and have and incredible late night happy hour. I look forward to my next stay there.
83. ... exactly what we hoped for. It was easy to find street parking (so we didn't need to pay the hotel parking rate). 3 of us stayed in a room with 2 queen beds very comfortably. The only thing was that there was construction going on right across the street that woke us up before 9am on a Monday morning.
84. The hotel was well designed and tastefully decorated. The room was large with a desk area, comfortable chairs and a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was roomy and supplied with great amenities. The hotel is in the downtown area and we were able to take the light rail from the airport, which was very helpful. It is within easy walking distance of shopping, great restaurants and Pike's Place. It is perfect for a couples get-away or a business trip. There is a good restaurant connected to the hotel. The personnel were very helpful and pleasant.
85. I was in a car accident while visiting the Seattle area. The hotel staff went out of their way to make me comfortable an darrange accommodations for my transportation back to the airport. The bed and luxurious bedding were extremely comforting during the first 48 hours after the accident when I was aching so badly and just needed to sleep. I have very fond memories of this hotel!
86. My family had a girl's weekend in Seattle and chose The Paramount Hotel due to it's proximity to all the attractions. We took the Link Light Rail and got off on the last stop (can't remember the name). The hotel was a short 2 block walk away. Very convenient when one does not want to hassle with a rental car. The hotel was in a great location within walking distance to all the major shopping and Pike's Place Market. Rooms were comfortable as far as size and also very quiet. Staff was pleasant. The only complaint I have about the hotel are the beds. They were were soft (as were the pillows) and didn't offer much support. I didn't have any aches or pains from the beds, but I have definitely experienced better in other hotels. Overall, I would suggest this to anyone going to Seattle needing to be near all the action!
87. I stayed at the Paramount while I was at a major political science convention down the street at the Washington State Convention Center. The hotel is wonderfully situated for that--two blocks from the convention center entrance and across the street from another hotel where some of the conv. events were happening. The room was not huge but it was immaculately clean and very stylish. The bed was very comfortable and hot water was plentiful. With the exception of one clerk who wasn't a lot of help advising me on finding a cheap nearby breakfast (" I don't know--this IS Seattle...") the staff was unusually friendly and helpful, always welcoming me back when I came in. Far more smiles from the staff than the typical hotel, too. The area felt safe and it was walking distance to the light rail to the airport; I took some longer walks to Capital Hill, to an Episcopal church on Sunday morning and to the Pike Place market area several times--all were fun walks to take. I don't know when I'll be in Seattle again--it's a long way from Maine!--but when I do I would be happy to stay here again.
88. Stayed at the Paramount Hotel in Seattle on the front and back end of an Alaskan cruise. Hotel is extremely clean and quiet, and the staff is very helpful. Hotel is a few blocks from the center of downtown and convenient to underground bus (1 block) and light rail station/monorail (2 blocks); easy walk (7 blocks) to Pike Place Market.
89. Fire alarm went off for 15 minutes this morning. No announcement, explanation or apologies from the staff. Then coming back to the room tonight after being away from 8:30am to 8:30pm, the room had not been cleaned. Front desk could only ask me if I had the privacy card on the door (I did not) and then shrug. Oh but the front desk clerk did offer me the option to leave a message for the head of housekeeping who had already gone for the day. There is BTW always only one person at front desk, so you can find yourself lining up to get even the simplest things done, like getting a demagnetized card reprogrammed.
90. The Paramount is at a great location for downtown activities, but at a more reasonable price than the nearby big-name hotels. Clean rooms, pleasant staff with good restaurant recommendations, and fast, free internet. You don’t walk in to a fancy lobby, but you also don’t have to pay for it. If you need to be downtown (convention center, business, tourist spots), I would definitely recommend the Paramount if you’re a cost-conscious traveler.
91. I couldn't get the Grand Hyatt across the street to guarantee a room with two beds for the weekend I wanted earlier this month, so I picked the Paramount instead. Pros: 1- Quick service. This is a small place and they react quickly. I had a problem with the knob on my shower the first morning and I had maintenance at my door within 5 minutes to fix it so I could get on the move. After I left I had a tiny billing error on my corporate card and John fixed it over the phone with no problems or hassle. 2- Smart layout. This is not a huge corporate hotel. Its very good for no nonsense travelers like myself. The lobby has a nice little living room style waiting area but only takes 10 seconds to get through to the elevators. There's free internet tucked away to the side of the check in desk. The rooms are stylish and the bathrooms give you privacy if you are staying with someone else ( no peekaboo showers or open tops like some of the boutique hotels are pushing.) The windows open also if you want fresh air (big plus for me!) 3- Location. Pine Street is much easier to walk down to the Market than some of the other downtown streets (less incline.) Lots of shopping and restaurants within 2 - 3 blocks. Barnes and Noble right on the corner. Monorail super close. Bartell's drugstore with trial size toiletries next to Nordstroms. The downtowner shuttle also drops off within a block of the hotel and the new light rail to Seatac has a stop right on Pine at one of the malls. Cons 1- No view really. I looked out at the gray monolith walls of the Grand Hyatt. All in all a good stay. If you don't need all of the bells and whistles but still like a little style to your room, I would recommend this place. It did the job.
92. Across the street from the Paramount Theater, and down the street from Pacific Place and Westlake Mall, this hotel offers a great location for tourists wanting to stay in town to be close to all that's going on, as well as for residents that are looking for a weekend of culture or shopping in the city. The staff is gracious and welcoming, responds to requests and questions in a helpful manner, and seem to genuinely care that you enjoy your stay in their hotel and your visit to the city. Rooms are roomy, especially by many downtown standards, and come nicely appointed with newly updated furniture and linens. The flat screen television is perfect for a late night movie or watching the morning news. Lots of plugins (including two pop up plugs in on each of the nightstands) mean this is gadget friendly. Wi-fi, however, was spotty in strength, and I frequently had difficulty maintaining a connection. The hotel relies on a third party (Wayport) to provide service.
93. Just came back and loved this hotel. Newly renovated rooms with high-end fixtures. The rooms were quite stunning. I believe we had a basic room with 2 queen beds and it was really lovely. Nice little bar fridge, very comfy beds with white duvets (I hate hotel bedspreads!). Location was amazing with 2 movie theatres (our bellman went down and printed off the movie listings from their computer and brought them back to our room) and markets easily walkable. The Dragonfish Sushi is right in the hotel downstairs. It was fantastic and has great deals and specials. I had Sake for $1. Check their website.
94. The hotel since I last stayed had gone through a nice renovation. But the service I got from the staff at different times of the day was like day and night. During the morning Tom is more than willing to the extra mile to make sure you ready for your travels around the city, Jerry who works at the front desk also very helpful, nice and courteous. I will admit I made alot of requests and each time he was more than obliged to make sure it was taken care of. Lolita was great as well. Now on to the bad, the other staff. The man who was working at the front desk looked very gruff and mean, when I would ask something he made me feel like I was putting him out. He also looked very unprofessional as he was unshaven and failed to smile during my time there. The other fellow named Rich was very aloof , didnt know anything and confusing. Restaurant staff was also very poor
95. I was so impressed with the Paramount. I have stayed in many of the downtown hotels in Seattle and I have to say that the Paramount is one of the nicest hotels downtown. The hotel is very well kept and modern. The room had a great feel to it and was very good size. The bathroom was amazing. The best part was the bed. Probably one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept on. If you get the chance to stay at the Paramount don't pass it up. You'll be glad you did.
96. I have stayed at the Paramount several times, and plan on staying there with every visit to Seattle. The location is excellent (especially if you like to shop!) and the value is outstanding. The rooms are clean and neat, and the staff is friendly. I especially like the Dragonfish Cafe restaurant - it is one of my favorite restaurants for Asian Fusion.
97. We stayed here for a couple of nights and I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is close to everything and it was convenient to walk everywhere. There was also free wifi in the room and the cable package included HBO, which we love. The bed was extremely comfortable and the air-conditioning worked great. I especially liked the Japanese restaurant attached to this hotel (not sure if it is part of the hotel), but it is open late and has a very well priced happy hour and late night happy hour. We ate there very late one night and there was a good crowd and the place was very lively. The only minor thing that I did not like was that they ice machines are on every other floor and located next to the stairwell, so it was a little startling to my girlfriend when someone walked in unbeknownst to her while the machine was running. However, it is a smaller hotel, so I fully understand why it might not be practical to have ice-makers on every floor.
98. We booked for 3 nights through Priceline. A lovely hotel with an updated room that was spotless. Great views from the room. Nice bed and mattress and it had a refridgerator. Parking was additional but there is a free computer for use. No laundry, which would be helpful for those traveling for a long time.The location is in the heart of Seattle. An easy 10 minute walk to Pike Market and other attractions or take the free underground bus.
99. Basically I agree with all the positive statements submitted by others. The hotel is particularly convenient for those attending events at the Convention Center. Only downside is the charge for parking, $27 a night, but that is now standard, if not low, for parking in Seattle.
100. A girlfriend and I spent 3 nights here and felt it was perfect for us. Location is good- between 2 bus/light rail stations and easy walking to Pike Place Market. The room was comfortable and updated. Very friendly desk and bellman, even a computer free to use in the lobby. The clerk printed out our boarding pass, too. If taking bus or light rail from SEA-TAC, get off at Convention Center for easy walk to hotel.
