1. In February we returned to the Wedgewood Hotel for a four day stay. Our previous stay at the Wedgewood - just prior to them being awarded a rating as a place to stay by Conde Naste - was tremendous. Unfortunately the hotel seems to have lost its star status- or at least that was our experience. The lobby and the room were needing some care and attention. Obviously the hotel has recognized this as the major problem we experienced was due to renovation. Construction and painting were going on in the room next to ours. A strong smell of paint persisted in our room throughout our four day stay - even over a weekend. When a complaint was made after the first night the staff sent up a machine intended to clean the air, we were told not to be in the room while it was on. We needed to keep the window open when we were in the room resulting in a cold stay. Vancouver was not warm in February. We were not provided with an option of moving rooms - despite this being a four day stay. In addition there was noise throughout the day so a little nap in the afternoon during the holiday was out of the question. Guests should be advised that construction is taking place prior to booking. The prices of the Wedgewood have risen over the years as the hotel has been discovered. Our experience in 2006 does not support the reputation that the hotel now enjoys. Perhaps the renovations will help to keep the hotel at the top but in the meantime guests should be informed that the construction may impact on their comfort and enjoyment.
2. My husband and I were sadly disappointed in this hotel, after I read rave reviews about how fantastic this hotel was and there is none like it in B.C. I planned this trip for our fifth year anniversary and wanted to be pampered. The spa was excellent, but I truly could not understand how this hotel could be rated above 3-star. We paid for a suite, which was over $350/US nightly, so, we expected five star service, food and accommodations. The service was lack luster, the room was very clean but definitely not fancy. The food, which for dinner we paid over $100 to eat in our room, not including drinks, was so-so. One great aspect which stood out in my mind, was the housekeeping supervisor. Our bed was awful so when we called the following day, she switched out our bed with the only pillow top in the hotel. We were thankful for her consideration, but decided to cut our trip short. We left two days earlier than scheduled and ended up spending our last two days at our favorite hotel, Bellevue Club in Bellevue, WA. We spent half the money we did in Bellevue and received two times the service, food quality and comfortable night stay. If you are used to four+ star hotels, you may want to continue looking before plunking down the four-star money here!
3. Comfy and quiet. The staff were super friendly and knowledgeable. I think this is the first time I've been to a hotel and couldn't find ANYTHING to complain about. Everything worked! and everything was nice and clean. The complimentary chocolates and cookies were a very nice touch and a BIG bathtub for two, not in the bathroom, but IN the room itself. The hotel restaurant, Bacchus, had delicious food and good staff. Can't say enough good about this hotel.
4. The Wedgewood is our hotel of choice whenever we come to Vancouver. The location is great - a five minute walk (or less) to Pacific Centre, Robson street, the Art Gallery and great restaurants. It is a gem in a busy city - always a pleasure to return to after a busy day of shopping and sightseeing. The lounge is fantastic - intimate and urban, with really good food and drink. The rooms are tastefully decorated and very clean. Extra touches, such as free bottled water and cookies are appreciated. The service is consistently good at the Wedgewood. Mark, who checked us in on this last visit, was great - friendly and attentive. He recommended a great restaurant to us (Coast). We look forward to our next stay at this wonderful hotel.
5. My family stayed at the Wedgewood in June, on the way to and from an Alaskan cruise. The hotel was beautiful and charming, and we really enjoyed our stay. We had an adjoining room for the kids- they slept on the pull-out couch. We did request an extra cot since the kids are teenagers and didn't relish sharing a bed, but there were not any cots or roll-away beds. The kids especially loved the turn down service with the cookies. The location of the hotel is excellent, we were able to access many activities easily. We had one breakfast and one dinner at the hotel's restaurant. The food was very good, presented well and the price was expensive but fair. We thought the decor of the room was very nice, comfortable and inviting. The front desk staff was generally great- although there was one woman that was exceptionally helpful, going out of her way to help us with all of our requests (even one request of finding a store to get a broken watch repaired was fulfilled within minutes). There was another woman that worked at the front desk who was a bit aloof and stern, but was professional. We would definitely stay here again if we visit this beautiful city in the future.
6. After reading many of the reviews for this hotel and others in Vancouver we decided to stay at the Wedgewood. It seemed that hands down it received the best over all reviews. Years ago we had stayed at Sutton Place and really liked it, but the reviews lead us to believe that it was not as nice as it was in the late 80's and 90's. I had gone on line to look at the rooms at the Wedgewood and did think they looked a little "tired" but decided to stay there anyway because we like small hotels and booked a junior suite. Needless to say, we were very disappointed with the tired, outdated rooms and bathroom. There were no towel racks to hang the towels on in the small bathroom and the cheap oversized plastic waste paper basket was wedged between the toilet and the toilet paper holder. The tv in the bedroom was situated high in the corner of the bedroom on the type of platform you would find in a hospital room. And the room safe was from another era altogether. Also when we were checking out of our room we dediced not to call the bellman as our two bags were on wheels. However we forgot that there are stairs leading down to reception from the eleavators (why they don't have a ramp, especially for a handicap person, makes no sense) and as we were going down the stairs (with a bellman just standing there) my husband's bag ended up falling down the stairs, breaking the handle. The hotel was clean and the bed comfortable, and I think that with a major renovation this could be a lovely hotel, but I know I will not stay there again in it's present condition.
7. We had an absolutely wonderful stay at the Wedgewood. The staff were extremely friendly, courteous and professional - nothing was too much trouble. Our room was fabulous - wonderful big bed, amazing bath, and a lovely balcony with great views out over the city. A highlight was an amazing English Afternoon tea which was better than any I've had at the Ritz in London. We wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vancouver.
8. Our room was beautiful and the housekeeping service was impeccable but I have to say I was not impressed with the rest of the staff and for this reason I will probably not stay there again. I would expect the staff of a hotel of this caliber to provide excellent customer service and I agree with another reviewer that the front of house staff seemed young and not polished. When we arrived by Taxi we carried our bags into the hotel while the kid working the valet stayed at his stand. Not once during our stay did the gentlemen working the valet open the door for us and greet us. All we received was a smile as they continued to talk to each other about there personal lives. The front desk/concierge staff were cordial but did not go out of there way to make us feel welcome. In contrast when we went to the Wickaninnish Inn in Torfino they went out of their way to make us feel welcome. When we arrived they met our taxi offloaded our luggage and brought it to the check in desk. The person who cehcked us in then escorted us to our room and informed us about the particulars of our room, the hotel, and the area. Every time we would leave or arrive they would open the door and would ask us how our day was and if there is anything we needed. When we would ask the concierge about an activity or restaurant she would offer to book a reservation. The morning we left they had coffee waiting for us at check out. That is what I would have expected from the Wedgewood.
9. From the moment that we walked in to the Wedgewood it was a fantastic experience. The valet was efficient and we were checked in very speedily. The room was lovely, clean and well furnished. The bathroom was great. No detail was too small, down to the nice toiletries and great quality coffee. In the evening, there was water and cookies and a turn down service. Dinner in Bacchus was a treat, the food was excellent with a relaxed ambience. Our stay included the continental breakfast which was nice. Looks like they have a pretty good gym and the spa looks lovely. The location is great and near to the heart of Vancouver with all its attractions and good shopping. The courtesy, professionalism and warmth exuded by all the staff was exemplary...loved the total attention to detail. Will certainly be coming back again...very, very highly recommended. Congratulations to the staff at the Wedgewood...awesome!
10. Picked the Wedgewood Hotel for a short Vancouver vacation based on reviews here as well as Yelp.com. The Wedgewood is a smaller boutique hotel nestled among some stiff competition. The location is very central to Vancouver, once you get your bearings it's very doable to walk most places. Our room was on the 12th floor with a larger than you might expect veranda. The veranda had several large potted plants, round glass table and 4 chairs. A nice place to have a coffee in the AM or a cocktail in the afternoon. The bed was comfortable, room was equipped with a flat screen TV, and wifi is provided. Room as well as the rest of the hotel are tastefully decorated. Evening turn down included two fresh cookies every evening. The highlight of the Wedgewood was the staff. Every single staff member we encountered was friendly and very helpful. This type of service really set the Wedgewood apart from the majority of hotels we've stayed in (at this price point). If you stay here you won't be disappointed.
11. We chose to stay here for our first few nights in Canada on our honeymoon. We could not have picked a better place. The service was incredible. Everyone is so friendly. My husband bought a baseball bat and ball and was even offered a game- it totally won him over!! The rooms were large, comfy and very clean. We had a large balcony and enjoyed looking down on the bustling street. We loved this place so much we came back two more times during our road trip!!! I would absolutely stay here again.
12. We stayed at this delightful hotel for 3 nights in September, 2006 just before boarding our cruise ship. It is in a wonderful position, close to all the shops and we were given a lovely front room. We had a weekend package with bed and breakfast which we felt was good value. The only downside was that we ate in their Bacchus Restaurant one night and we felt the meal was rushed. We were out within 45 minutes which to us was far too rapid. We do like to linger over a meal especially when we are paying top dollar. That is our only criticism of a great hotel.
13. Visiting family in Vancouver this year we decided to spend a few nights at the Wedgewood....what a delight! This hotel came highly recommended and we were not disappointed very friendly staff who always had a smile, lively bar & restaurant and just lovely rooms. We did not get a room overlooking Robson Square but it didn't matter this place is all about quality, bed linens, marble showers, soaker tubs, furniture and the most comfortable beds. One nice touch is the business center on the second floor, good speed computers are available for guests use at no extra charge, we could stay in touch with our family back in the UK daily without worrying about being charged a fortune. Very well done to everyone at the Wedgewood we will return.
14. The Wedgewood Hotel is one of my favourite places to be! When it comes to service, value, atmosphere, professional/friendly staff, large, well equipped rooms, you will not find a better hotel. From the moment you enter the front lobby you can feel the pressures of your day wash away. We always enjoy the service and food quality at The Bacchus lounge and restaurant. (The restaurant is on the higher end but for a special occasion it is the best!) The hotel is very central to all that Vancouver has to offer!
15. I stayed at the Wedgewood Hotel for 5 nights in February 2005 with my husband and my baby son. I have stayed in many great hotels before and I must say that the Wedgewood has been one of the best; I would not hesitate to go back. The room was perfect, with all the commodities but with an extra touch (we stayed in one of the Wedgewood Suites - greatly reduced rates in the winter months! ), the service was outstanding (the staff was great with our 18 months old son even though this was clearly not a place where many babies get taken) and the location couldn't be better (right in the middle of all the shops and restaurants in Downtown Vancouver). The little touches we appreciated: being given a private area in the Bacchus restaurant and bar lounge so that we could sip some cocktails while keeping our son with us (children are not admitted in the main bar), the amazing room service (great food from the Bacchus restaurant - the desserts are a pure delight - and the service is faultless), the unexpected baby toiletries in the room, the best blueberry pancakes I've ever tasted and the complementary Belgium chocolates and nightly freshly baked cookies. I did not get to try the spa which I regret and the gym room is a bit small but it does have all the usual required equipment. There is no swimming pool which is a shame but I really don't see where they could fit one anyway. I loved the Bacchus restaurant - for Breakfast, you get to sit in big comfortable armchairs by the fireplace (with a roaring fire in it in the winter!). Although we didn't get to eat there in the evenings because of our son's bedtimes, the restaurant certainly was very popular, always full, with live piano music every night. We had the opportunity to sample the food via Room Service and it was excellent.
16. The Wedgewood is a wonderful hotel in every respect. The rooms are lovely. The service is impeccable. The location is great. We arrived at the hotel before check-in time and our room was not ready. The woman at the desk suggested some places of interest nearby, and I asked some questions about some of the attractions we planned to visit during our stay. When we returned to the hotel a few hours later, this woman had taken the initiative during our absence to gather some information about the sights I'd asked about, and print the public transportation routes off the internet. That was a great service touch. Our room was beautiful and well appointed. Staff went out of their way during our stay to make sure we had everything we needed. The bar area is wonderful-- a great place to start with breakfast in the morning and end the evening with a nightcap. For those who, like me, prefer an elegant boutique hotel to a sterile chain, the Wedgewood is the perfect spot in Vancouver.
17. Stayed at the Wedgewood for 5 nights on our recent holiday and whilst it was the most expensive accomodation of our hols it was well worth the money. As said by others the little touches such as cookies and the chocolates on arrival make the place stick in the memory. Great location just off Robson Street makes everywhere walkable in a city that is a joy to walk around. Also had a meal in the hotel restaraunt "Bachus" which was excellent, i'd recommend going for a meal even if your not staying at the hotel, great food in elegant surroundings. All in all a very enjoyable stay in a hotel that has the peresonal touch. On a previous visit we stayed in the Fairmont Waterfront which is another fantastic hotel but i think the Wedgewood pips it for it's little touches as well as it's great rooms.
18. My husband and I walked into the Wedgewood after leaving the hotel we had booked (the Opus, which was horrible). We were at the end of a long business travel swing, and wanted somewhere that would work for us both for business and for relaxing. The Wedgewood is definitely quirky--the decor is so dated it's new again (high late-sixties-to-early-seventies), the gym teeny, the bar so retro it's got a piano guy. I had seen pictures of the rooms online, and had my doubts about the in-room tubs. but the rooms were spotless, the service excellent, the location great. prices weren't bad, either. we booked a suite; it's been perfect, comfortable and cozy and spacious and very very very quiet and well-maintained. Staff members are friendly and professional, too. The phone lines are a bit crackly, and there's no ipod docking station (though there are flat-screen tvs) but there's a lot of thoughtfulness and comfort here.
19. Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Wedgewood, and was almost sad to leave the hotel. The bed was beautiful, big, and so comfortable. The room and the bathroom were roomy. The toiletries are wonderfully scented. I'd read all about the welcome box of truffles and the nightly cookies and water along with turndown service, but it still felt like a special treat. The location was ideal, truly in the heart of a great and very walk-able downtown. We had a great view from a 10th floor room. I must say that we don't generally stay at places that are this highly rated, so my expectations maybe aren't as high as people who frequently stay at places like this. We got such a GREAT rate as part of their winter discounts, that we almost felt guilty about it :) The staff was personable and very helpful the couple of times we needed directions, or help making reservations (but again we weren't very demanding people). One major thing I noted is that we very rarely heard other guests while in our room. We could hear a door close every now and then, but other than that it felt like we had the entire floor to ourselves. It was a nice surprise because often we feel like a lot of hotels have paper-thin walls. Oh if you stay here, do yourself a favor and book a dinner at the Bacchus restaurant (part of the hotel). It's an expensive restaurant but it is worth every penny. Superb service and even better food. Overall, a great experience and we hope they will run more off-season deals so that we have the opportunity to stay there again.
20. My husband and I have just returned from 3 nights at the Wedgewod hotel in Vancouver. It was pure luxury in the executive king suite with balcony. It even had a bar in the room with bar stools. The facilities were exceptional including a giant size soak tub for 2. Comfortable, clean, great service, excellent lounge bar for cocktails and good restaurant. My only comment is that the restaurant is quite formal but do go at least once - the food is excellent.
21. Based in the centre of Vancouver with the harbour 7 blocks to the left and the beach 7 blocks to the right of the main entrance. A perfect central location for exploring Vancouver. A very plush hotel. Specious elegant rooms. Excellent service. The staff were very courteous.
22. Over the years, I have stayed at the Wedgewood a few times for both business and pleasure. This past November, my husband and I stayed here for a long weekend, and we enjoyed this hotel a fair amount. The location is very good - near the art gallery, shopping, and walking distance (or a short cab ride) to many restaurants. However, we both felt the hotel is in need of some renovation. It's not changed in a decade (at least, possibly longer), and some of the fixtures and decore are dated. Also, our room was near the elevator, despite having asked for a quiet room. This was a disappointment. Still, the service was very good, and our room had a nice view of the park. We enjoyed our time, but would in the future likely choose a hotel that was either built for or updated as a result of the Olympics. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for families. I did not use the gym, but my husband did. He said it that calling it a gym is a stretch - more of a work-out bathroom really.
23. stayed at the wedgewood for 5 nights and can not praise it enough from check in after a long flight to a very early morning check out everything was great,lovely suite with some nice touches(biscuits and sherry on arrival) homemade cookies and bottled water each night. room service was good and had a great meal in the bacchus restaurant quite pricey but not too expensive for a special treat, location was very central but vancouver is not an enormous city and we found it very walkable.All in all we would go again and be happy to stay at the wedgewood.
24. Three girlfriends and I spoiled ourselves with spa services and room service during our stay! What a treat to get out of town with great friends and then get treated like royalty at Wedgewood Hotel & Spa! Can't wait til our next getaway. I may even make reservations to take my husband back for a romantic weekend.
25. Tired and overpriced. We had a mid floor “suite.” Suite is a misnomer. The room was old and tired. The tv in the bedroom was bolted to the ceiling. The tv in the sitting area, was a beat-up old RCA. The bedroom part of the “suite” was cramped. Rather than a door separating the rooms, there was a stained thick tapestry/window curtain. The furniture was old and tired. The walls were dreary, dank and simply depressing. Service was not up to par for the price. The recommendation for a dinner was awful – don’t rely on the concierge. Overall DEFINITLEY NOT at all worth the price charged. Also, the garbage trucks that frequent the ally are loud. Look elsewhere. Something good – the chocolates that they leave for you are delicious.
26. Well presented hotel. Rooms are clean and the staff are very friendly. Good location for downtown Vancouver. Lots of positives. Make sure you get a room at the front (overlooking Hornby St) as a room to the rear has a terrible view and the noise from the alley below starts at 5:30am. Overall, would recommend for a short stay.
27. The Bacchus bar/lounge/restaurant is so civilized. I find this type of boutique hotel charming and as a single for the most part traveller I feel very safe here. It is a perfect location. The welcome box of chocolates are superb and the evening turndown with cookies and water is so nice.
28. This was our 5th stay at this hotel in the last 2 years. We always stay in the deluxe executive,and it is first class, (especially for romantic escapes). The hotel is perfectly located just off of robson street, which is perfect for shopping and checking out downtown restaurants. The executive room is spacious, well lit, and the bathtub for two in the corner of the room is spectacular. We try to book when the free valet parking and breakfast at Baccus. We have stayed at many downtown hotels (pan pacific, wall centre, sutton place) but this is the best of the lot, and we will continue to stay there. On one of our stays, the hotel didn't live up to the bar they had set for themselves. I contacted the manager, and he pleaded with us to let them make it up to us, and make it up they did, in a BIG way.. The whole Wedgewood experience starts when you walk into the warm, inviting lobby. As you get off the elevator, the hallways smell of spiced pot pouri. The hotel rooms are very clean, and I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a romantic getaway...
29. We recently stayed at the Wedgewood for four nights while visiting Vancouver. It's a wonderful and quiet place to come home to after a long day of hiking and sightseeing. A little bit older and more sedate than the larger hotels but that is part of its charm. The staff is very helpful and accomodating. A suggestion - if you are thinking of going to Whistler for the day, Avis is only one block away and it is an easy drive. They open at 7:00am and have late night drop off arrangements. You can stay at the Wedgewood and still have a full day in Whistler without changing hotels. Special rates are sometimes available for the Wedgewood and, if you can find one, you can stay in a nice luxury boutique hotel for about the same price or only a little more than the mass market ones the cruise lines use.
30. We spent time in Vancouver for the weekend. The hotel was amazing. Beautiful decor, clean, and tasteful. The staff were very hospitable and professional. The restaurant was amazing! Food was great! Have to try it. The room was very spacious and well appointed with high quality linens. Location was perfect. It was a quick walk to everything. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
31. Vancouver has so many great hotel options that it was difficult to choose. We chose the Wedgewood because it ranked high with Trip Advisor AND because it was recommended by two different couples we ran into while traveling who are Vancouver locals. From the moment you arrive at the entry untilnthe day you depart you are treated as a celebrity. We had a King Suite for a week as this was a special 25 th Anniversary celebration. Vancouver was our original honeymoon destination so we were excited to return. Wow! This is a boutique hotel. The rooms are lovely and comfortable. The bed pillows were awesome as were the linens. Fresh cookies were delivered every evening as was ice. Coffee was replenished twice a day if needed. The hotel bar is upscale but comfortable and inviting. Guests are treated to live piano music (Elton John/Billie Joel style) every evening. The Wedgewood is in the heart of downtown and not on the water so the views are more reminiscent of city culture vs. the harbor. It is an easy walk every where. The only cab ride we took was from and back to the airport. Vancouver offers many, many great restaurants sand many of them are in the downtown area near this restaurant. There is shopping all around the hotel. LV, Gucci, Hermes or head in another direction for China town and street vendors.
32. The hotel rooms and decor are super combined with a great location (if there is such a thing in downtown Vancouver). The location being very close to downtown Vcr gets busy in the small lounge/breakfast room with non residents. In our view this hotel is extremly pretentious, A Maitre`d that floats around whilst the hard working breakfast staff cant cope and need help, food that is pretty to look at and very adventourous but falls well short of haute cuisine. Whilst the rooms are comfortable and spacious and the cookies at night are a nice touch, there the most expensive cookies you will ever buy. Overall a very expensive hotel.
33. My wife and I just returned from spending a long winter weekend at the Wedgewood between Jan 4 and 8, 2006. After reading the near flawless reviews of the Wedgewood, with great anticipation we booked a junior suite. We found slightly lower pricing on the hotel's web site and ended up paying about $185 USD on average per night. We were assigned a room on 11th floor and, although close to the elevator, we couldn't hear a thing. Overall, the staff is fantastic and the hotel is well appointed but for those expecting a 'W' type room experience, the Wedgewood might be a little disappointing. While comfortable, the room had very small TVs and the bathroom, considering we were in a junior suite, was surprisingly small. While I still would rate the experience close to a 9 out of 10, we frankly thought the hotel room would have slightly better amenities. Bottom line, the Wedgewood with its top notch customer service and location will not disappoint, however, this likely won't be the best hotel experience in a major international city.
34. We stayed here for 2 nights in May 2010 and were very impressed with the service from all staff and also for small touches such as free bottled water provided every day (3 bottles due to triple share), 3 sets of towels etc. Not always the case at other hotels. Location was excellent, close to all attractions and transport. I would recommend booking here if you manage to get one of their special rates. Also staff were extremely prompt in answering queries. I booked with the hotel directly and noticed that all my email queries and requests were answered promptly- takes a day at most for replies, which when you consider that I communicated from Aust was great service, Sheldon in particular was very pleasant. A great hotel, thoroughly recommended.
35. A very well run hotel without some of the annoying "cool" factor that affects some of the newer properties in the City. Highly professional and pleasant service. Rooms are a bit frayed at the seams - carpet, upholstery, furniture all a bit dated and ready for an upgrade, but the location is superb, and overall experience very satisfactory.
36. I recently stayed at the Wedgewood twice over a span of two weekends. For the first visit I was in a one bedroom suite... generously large by Vancouver standards... with an excellent hideabed mattress for my daughter. The second visit found me in a standard room... also spacious and refined. Breakfast at Bacchus was included both times, along with free valet parking. Location downtown was unbeatably close to Robson St shopping (1/2 block), restaurants like Coast and Joe Fortes (2 blocks), Vancouver Art Gallery (2 blocks), and Rogers Arena (7 blocks). I got a deal through the hotels website that was excellent. We look forward to coming back.
37. We were excited about staying at a hotel belonging to the Relais & Chateaux chain since we had not stayed at one in a while. Many aspects of the experience met our expectations. We had a nicely decorated small suite, and we found the valets who park the cars to be exceptionally friendly and helpful. We have folding bikes that we need to have stored, so we are more of a bother than most people to that part of the staff. But these men were full of good advice and cheerfully helped us whenever we asked. Also the restaurant is beautiful with a pleasant staff and good food. Our only real complaint was about the toilet in the bathroom of our suite. It leaked. Water formed around the hinges of the seat and on the floor of the room. We were told at the desk that condensation is a problem in Vancouver and that caused a problem with toilets. It is strange that we have stayed in Vancouver a half dozen times and never had this problem before. Housekeeping did put towels around the base of the toilet and controlled the situation somewhat. But I think that when the client is paying well in excess of $300 per night, the bathroom should function correctly. They did half heartedly offer to move our room, but indicated that all of the toilets had this problem, some less than others. Because of this problem, we would not stay at this hotel again.l
38. My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Wedgewood for our honeymoon. They upgraded our room at no additional cost and gave a beautiful suite with an amazing bathroom and large balcony. Unfortunately, we were next to a couple of rooms being renovated and were awoken every morning (8 AM) to loud noises. However, it only mildly hampered our stay, as everything else was outstanding. Our first night there we ate at the hotel restaurant and were treated very well. They made us special vegetarian dishes that were definitely 5 star meals. We also received complimentary champagne and dessert once the pianist told them we were on our honeymoon! The room was luxurious and the entire staff was overwhelmingly helpful and friendly. I will definitely be staying there again the next time I'm in Vancouver. I'd recommend this to anyone who can afford a little pampering.
39. The Wedgewood was fantastic. My husband and I stayed during the weekend of the finale of the Celebration Of Light fireworks. The staff was amazing. Not only did they leave chocolates and wine in the room for us, the housekeeping staff was pleasant and well trained and the valet staff was polite and courteous. I would definitely recommend this hotel to ANYBODY and we'll definitely be going back when we have the time! !
40. My fiance & I spent a few nights at the Wedgewood Hotel at the end of Oct 2005. We loved the hotel. Like others who've reviewed this hotel, we were upgraded to a suite. There were complimentary chocolates - such a treat! The hotel looked a little stuffy, but the staff certainly wasn't. The room was really spacious, and the bathroom was spectacular. It had a separate shower area with a glass door, along with a full bath. The cookies at turndown made us feel truly pampered. We ate one evening at Bacchus. The food was fantastic, but we were a bit unprepared wardrobe-wise for the elegance. Despite our being underdressed, we got the same special service as everybody else. My one complaint was that sometimes the water pressure was low, & there was little hot water. Aside from that, I LOVED my stay. The hotel is in a great location - easy to access the shopping & great restaurants that Vancouver has to offer. I can't wait to return!
41. I just returned from a stay at the Wedgewood. I love old-world, boutique hotels. The Wedgewood's lobby and restaurant were beautiful and lived up to my expectations. Also, the location is great. However, my room was dated and tired. Until the hotel refurbishes its rooms, I would choose to stay at another hotel in Vancouver.
42. I was just at the Wedgewood for one night and was not as impressed with it as I had expected to be, based on the website and reviews. The blousy Olde Englishe decor is fussy and overbearing, and not even well executed - the woodwork is cheaply done and the hallways narrow and dimly lit. This may have been a "boutique" hotel at one time, but nowadays, people expect something a little smarter, classier and more polished. On the plus side, a great location, and wonderful staff.
43. I was thrilled upon entering the gorgeous Wedgewood Hotel and Spa. I trust the Relais & Chateux brand, and it lived up to its luxurious standard. The room was large and included a terrace the length of the apartment-like suite. Comfortable amenities abounded, including full living room furniture, DVD players for the flat-screen televisions, large marble bathrooms, and delightful turndown service complete with cookies and spring water. Bacchus lounge and restaurant in the hotel's lobby was a fabulous place to enjoy a martini next to a roaring fire. Service was impeccable, and the location ideal. I'd absolutely go back to the Wedgewood.
44. We stayed here for 5 nights for part of our honeymoon and just thought it was wonderful. We really feel like we couldn't have picked a better hotel in Vancouver. The lobby, bar and restaurant are beautifully decorated - very opulent. We spent many an hour enjoying cocktails in the bar in the evening - it had a wonderful atmosphere. We enjoyed 2 evening meals in the restaurant which were superb, the food was out of this world. The breakfasts managed to better those that we had enjoyed in our hotel in Banff - an impressive achievement! We were lucky enough to be given an upgrade to our room, which was beautiful. It had a balcony with a great view of the Art Gallery and the city, and a spa bath in the corner of the room. The bathroom was lovely with a huge walk-in shower. It was a nice touch that someone left cookies for us each evening when they did the turn-down service. All the staff were extremely helpful and polite - we felt very at home even though it was obviously a big treat for us to be staying in a hotel of this quality. The bar and restaurant service was extremely organised and attentive - they seemed to anticipate things you need before you thought of them yourself! The location of the hotel couldn't have been better - it really is in the heart of downtown. We were very sad to leave and would love to travel back one day to stay again.
45. Stepping into the Wedgewood is to step into an oasis of calm, where staff remember who you are and greet you by name. You feel as if you are returning to a stately old, gracious home. The hotel is beautifully and tastefully refurbished. Bathrooms are modern and elegant. The "mod cons" are present, but ever so discreet. Suites and guest rooms are luxuriously comfortable. There is a suberb restaurant, with an award winning chef, where the food is always outstanding. The restaurant is decorated Victorian style, with comfortable sofas and armchairs. It provides both casual or intimate dining spaces, especially if one is lucky enough to be seated in front of the beautiful fireplace. And then there is the spa. To the weary traveller, there's no better place to relax! The Wedgewood is truly a gem, situated in the heart of Vancouver's shopping, business and entertainment areas. A beautiful hotel in a beautiful location for those lucky enough to experience it and its special ambience.
46. Not nearly a great value for the money. The staff smiles more than it performs and made some mistakes that embarassed us and the couple in the room to which they sent us. Lots of apologies, but clearly, practiced and symbolic politeness. The room itself was in fact no better than many others for much, much less in Vancouver, and not nearly the quality of niche hotels there and in Seattle. The bar was friendly and good, the continental breakfast average and it was nice to get the chocolates and cookies with turndown. But, it's not nearly the value of other niche hotels in the city, or even some of its nearby, traditional competitors. We were disappointed.
47. The 20 participants in our conference were unanimous in their praise of the service provided by each and every member of the hotel staff, from the first experience at check-in through to the incredibly attentive team that saw to our needs thoughout the day. The old world charm and general ambience of the hotel set the tone for our conference and certainly put the team in the right frame of mind for inventive and collaborative thinking. We would not hestitate to recommend the Wedgewood to customers, colleagues, friends , and family.
48. I second the reviews that were put up about this hotel. I managed to get a good rate for the three nights that three of us were at the hotel. No real view but well appointed rooms and good beds. Wi fi and tv worked, etc The staff is wonderful, people remember your name and what you like. I fell in love with one of the staff, Wanda, the Breakfast Goddess, she remembered what we like to eat and had it waiting for us when we went down in the morning. Lovely, kind lady, who deserves special mention. All of the staff were nice and seemed surprised and grateful to be tipped tho I saw others tipping them as well. A well trained group of people. Hotel is in the middle of a busy commercial section as are most of the hotels, no parking on the street and yes, everything, but everything, is expensive in Vancouver. Hotel is a nice choice.
49. We stayed at the Wedgewood Hotel in downtown Vancouver for our third anniversary and were not disappointed in the least! Our room was rather spacious and located on the east side overlooking the courthouses, art museum and gardens. I have never seen an oversized bathtub located not in the bathroom, but in the sleeping area itself! Made it quite unique and fun!! Location of the hotel is near most shopping and restaurants so it makes things quite accessible.Service was extremely prompt and courteous in everything that they did. We needed extra coffee....and there it was....in less than 5 minutes!! The front desk was always helpful and able to answer our every question about Vancouver. The lounge area was romantic, mysterious and comfortable for either drinks, dessert, or breakfast! When we come back to Vancouver in the future, we would definately stay at the Wedgewood again! Dinner at West again too!! !
50. I stayed at the Wedgewood at the end of January when I was in Vancouver on a business trip. I enjoyed my stay. I was in an Executive room with two double beds and the room was very nice. Our room view was really only into the next building, but the weather wasn't the best so it didn't matter. I thought my bed was great. The bathroom was super clean - always a plus! I also had a facial at the Spa and loved every minute of that. The staff at the Spa were very gentle and my skin and I enjoyed the treatment very much.
51. We spent three wonderful days in this beautiful, stylish hotel. The room was appointed with a very comfortable sofa and wing chair and small bar at the one end. In the bedroom was an amazingly comfortable king bed with top end linens . Both living and bedroom had large windows overlooking Robson Square and both rooms featured large flat screen TVs. The big winner in this room was the gorgeous shower and separate deep bathtub, again with the high quality linens and amenities. Every person we encountered in the Wedgewood was both professional and very accommodating. Check in was a breeze and the elevators are both fast and secure. Each floor only has eight rooms, so you are never far from the elevator. Be aware that parking is by valet at additional cost but is quick and the service is as friendly as every other department in this property. We look forward to returning next spring for our thirtieth anniversary.
52. We stayed for two nights at the Wedgewood and found it delightful. Our room, 8th floor, was large and handsomely furnished and equipped. The staff was friendly and efficient. A fine continental breakfast was provided each morning. Our meals at the in-house lounge/restaurant - the Bacchus-- - were excellent. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Vancouver and looking for a special place to spend some time enjoying.
53. We stayed for 3 nights in a jr. suite king room which had a living room and bedroom with drapery across the doorway between and a small balcony. We were on the back of the hotel so there was no view, but it was quiet. (Currently Robson Sq. across from the front of the hotel is under construction, so I doubt any "views" are great right now.) The service was excellent--understated, friendly and professional. Entire property was elegant and well maintained with top quality amenities throughout. This is a small, refined European style hotel with a quiet, reserved atmosphere decorated in muted colors and historical prints. It is centrally located in the downtown area and everything downtown is within walking distance. There are many small cafes and restaurants nearby. The hotel bar and restaurant is lovely with excellent food and cocktails (and pricey)--dark panelled wood, velvet drapes and a fireplace. We enjoyed cocktails and dessert one evening and breakfast one morning. The room included free internet; the wireless worked well, but was rather slow; the wired connection in our room worked intermittently which might be an issue if work was a prime activity. We were treated to cookies each evening in our room which was a nice touch. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel.
54. The best thing about the Wedgewood is the location. It is right across the street from the Vancouver Art Museum and one block from world class shopping. The hotel itself is small but inviting and has a very proper english vibe. It is luxurious without being too over the top. The rooms are small but very nice and the bathrooms seem newly updated. The restaurant/bar downstairs had good food and fun live music at night. The staff is very friendly and helpful, so much that you feel like they know you as soon as you check in. The workout facility was a bit small as it was tucked into one small area just past the spa and it only offered one treadmill, one bike, one eliptical machine and a small weight set. Overall a very nice hotel that has a great location downtown.
55. My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night after having our intimate reception dinner in Bacchus restaurant (part of Wedgewood Hotel). It's a beautiful hotel but I still feel as though it's overpriced. I paid about $350 or $400 (can't quite remember now as it was 8 months ago) for the one night and I thought because I was spending about $1500 having my wedding dinner at Bacchus and it was my wedding night they would have given me a discount but they didn't. I was able to negotiate a late check-out (2pm, not that great) and they gave us a bottle of sparkling wine but that's about it. The room was beautiful with a jacuzzi tub and a nice big bed but, the more I think about it, it still wasn't worth the price necessarily. The hotel is definitely clean and definitely in a nice area. I would say this hotel is a great place to stay for a splurge - wedding night, anniversary, one night of a longer trip but I can't imagine it would be worth the $300 or more a night to stay here for a full week. Other fancy hotels would have more amenities and maybe a kitchenette in the room or something.
56. The hotel is situated down town close to the art museum. Upon arrival, we were given a suite on the 8th floor. The hallway to the suite and the suite itself both smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. To the hotels credit we were quickly transferred to a suite on the 6th floor - where this problem did not exist. We had a nice balcony - that was a good length and spotlessly clean, and the bathroom was modern - and the shower had great water pressure, but the bedroom and living room both showed their age. The living room was narrow and the TV armoire crowded the room from one side and the oversized 1990's type couch from the other. In my opinion, the room furnishings need to be updated - while maintaining a classical look, and the wet bars - with drop ceilings definitely need "work". We had dinner at the hotel, our waiter was attentive and the dinner was very good, but nothing about it was truly memorable. (Nothing stood out as being unusual, creative, or the best ever) With all of that said, the service throughout the hotel was excellent.
57. We spent two nights at the Wedgewood during a recent holiday to Canada. We were extremely impressed with the hotel. It has a lovely atmosphere, it is small, personal, the staff are very friendly and it felt like a home from home. Our junior suite was lovely. Extremely spacious, and comfortable and it didn't feel like just another hotel room. The hotel also benefits from being in a fantastic location right in the center of downtown, which helped make exploring Vancouver very easy. P.S the cookies at turndown are super!
58. Trip Advisor has rarely given us bad advice in our travels and very definitely was spot on about the Wedgewood! This property was on par with such boutique wonders like the Rusty Parrot in Jackson Hole and the Covent Garden Hotel in London. In fact, when we walked in and were greeted by every member of the staff, and then saw the Bacchus restaurant/bar, we remarked how reminiscent of the Covent Garden it seemed. The only disappointment was the size of the spa which had few facilities besides some treatment rooms, but the treatments and technicians were SUPERB! Extremely convenient downtown location allowed us to walk to a lot of places and loved the energy and everything about it!
59. We stayed for three nights at the Wedgewood in a Deluxe Executive King under the 25 Anniversary Promotion. We received 25% off the room plus 25% off all meals in Bacchus. We ate breakfast everyday at the hotel and had one dinner at Bacchus as well. The staff accomodated every request and were very pleasant. We were addressed by name most of the time. During our stay on Saturday, the entire street in front of the hotel (Hornby) was closed for a city block due to a large crane loading glass into a building across the street. The hotel was very apologetic about the situation, but it had little bearing on anything other than trying to get a cab. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!
60. Thank goodness we were staying at The Wedgewood because it poured rain for the entire week. We found ourselves looking forward to returning to our hotel each day and night. The linens are lovely and the twice daily housekeeping visit was much appreciated. We decided to check out for two days for a quick visit to Whistler and the hotel offered to keep some or our luggage so that we could travel lightly. Oh yes and the location is just great. We will definitely stay there next time.
61. My wife and I stayed at the Wedgwood in April 2006 and paid about $200 per night. The rooms were very nice and we enjoyed the large tub in the bedroom. However, the service at this hotel is best described as indifferent. The front desk (more of a corner desk actually) was not helpful. The staff seemed young (I am 36) with very little insight into the local sights or how to even get around. They are not rude or even unpleasant but just don’t seem to really care. I don’t blame them but I also would not recommend this hotel to anyone who is not familiar with the city.
62. This is a very nice, cozy boutique hotel. I had a standard room and it was very spacious. The linens and the bed were absolutely luxurious! The balcony was not your usual step out...it was huge with room for a table and chairs -- would have been wonderful to sit outside in the summer. The hotel is close to Robson street so lots of shopping and restaurant choices -- really nice area. The lobby and lounge are beautiful with an old world feel. The chocolates in the room and the welcome note from the hotel owner were nice. The front desk and restaurant staff were nice and helpful...and so was the doorman who worked there in the morning. The younger staff who were at the door in the afternoon could brush up a bit on customer service...no offer of assistance with my luggage, no eye contact or greeting as i reached the door--basically it seemed that they did not want to be there...it was a little annoying.
63. Several friends and I stopped by the Bacchus lounge on Friday night and had a fantastic time. Great atmosphere, wide array of late evening drinks (e.g., single malts, port, martinis, etc) and amazing desserts. We sampled three of their dessert options and were blown away. We've stayed at the Wedgewood before and marvelled at the service and the restaurant was no different. We were seated quickly and the wait staff was attentive but not intrusive. To top it off, we were brought (free of charge) a basket of seasonal fruit and nuts to graze on as we finished our drinks... Definitely one of the best rooms in the city, with service to match.
64. This review is long overdue. My husband and I stayed at the Wedgewood for four nights while on vacation in June 2007. We had a lovely stay, and everyone on staff was wonderful. The rooms were elegantly appointed and comfortable, the bar has to be one of the best hotel bars in North America, and the location near Robson Street is excellent. Great attention to every detail. I have to single out the folks in the kitchen at Bacchus, however, for they truly went the extra mile for us. During our first full day in Vancouver we pulled up several tasty-looking Dungeness crabs while salmon fishing near the Fraser River. Lee Parsons and his talented sous chef graciously agreed to prepare some of the crabs for us for dinner that night, and what a feast! The tarragon beurre blanc was divine, and the accompaniments were perfect. It will easily be one of the more memorable meals my husband and I have had together. If you want an extra-indulgent stay in Vancouver, this is the place.
65. I had our top clients in Vancouver from the U.K. One of them is well traveled and a gourmet fiend. I was hosting a dinner and chose Bacchus Restaurant at the Wedgewood Hotel because I trusted them completely to make the evening a success - and they did, in spades. Our waiter helped me negotiate through the wine list so I didn't bankrupt our company but didn't embarass ourselves in front of our clients. The service throughout the dinner was superb and lacked nothing. The food presentation was terrific and everyone enjoyed their choice. Most importantly, the service was sincere and not put-on - the team clearly wanted to ensure our dinner was perfect. Prior to dinner, we had cocktails in the bar - Christine, our server, was super attentive and adapted to the various "styles" of our guests - some were serious , some were more relaxed - she "read" each perfectly. Our clients have entered into a long term partnership with our company because they value the commitment to high quality and service we think our company delivers. When asked why I chose to bring them to Bacchus at the Wedgewood - I said for the same reason - I value them and more importantly, trust them to do the right thing - all the time.
66. An expensive hotel, but each room with balcony (good for smoking in a non-smoking city), half the balconies overlook beautiful Federal Court square. Good location right downtown. Quiet, with accomodating and professional service. You're paying for what you get. Make sure your room overlooks the square - the other side overlooks office buildings.
67. I just got married over the July 4th weekend and spent a few absolutely wonderful days and nights at the Wedgewood Hotel. My new husband and I decided to pamper ourselves in town at the Wedgewood before we set forth on our honeymoon. The room we were provided was luxurious and the service was top notch. We both relaxed in the expert hands of the masseurs at the spa and enjoyed sumptious dinners at Bacchus Restaurant in the hotel. By the way, Bacchus has the best martinis in town! I can't wait to book us in for our first anniversary celebration.
68. Our first trip to Vancouver and we lucked out with the Wedgewood recommendation. The room amenities are first class. The staff is friendly and well informed. The location is great for seeing the city and after a long day you feel at home once you come through the doors. The restaurant is excellent. We highly recommend this hotel.
69. The Wedgewood hosted our Wedding ceremony in early September. We are living in Florida but traveled to Vancouver to share our celebration with family. The staff at the Wedgewood made the entire event, from planning to post-event, a remarkable experience. They epitomize "outstanding service". We were so pleased with the experience that we chose the hotel to pamper mom with an afternoon at their spa for her birthday. The look on her face afterwards was "priceless". Thanks!! Brian and Cynthia
70. We just stayed in one of the newly rennovated penthouse suites at the Wedgewood, and it was AMAZING!!!! We had a gorgeous, spacious living room with a fireplace and a big bathroom with a double size jacuzzi tub that opened into the bedroom. It was beautiful and truly first class. The bellman told us that Pierce Brosnan had just vacated our room after finishing his lastest movie! We had room service for dinner one night, and our waiter fussed over us to make sure everything was perfect! The food was delicious and in the mornings we had breakfast in our bathrobes on our private terrace - it felt like a scene out of Pretty Woman! I had a facial in the Spa that was the best I've ever had, and a fabulous massage. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay!! This a great hotel. It has a very cosy, personal feel about it and the staff really make you feel like they care. There is a very hip crowd at the bar downstairs too, which is fun. If you are looking for a great place to stay in Vancouver with excellent service and a prime location - look no further! Book one of the new penhouse suites if you can - they are worth it! !
71. OK we didn't like Vancouver, but loved this Hotel, which was the saving grace really. If shopping is your thing, this place is perfect as it's just around the corner from the main shopping street in Vancouver. The staff are very nice and attentive. The rooms are excellent, we stayed here for 2 nights before doing a Grizzly bear tour up the coast, then returned for a 3rd night before leaving Vancouver. We were upgraded on the 3rd night to a suite which was fantastic. I think Vancouver is one of those places you either love or hate, either way, this Hotel is well recommended.
72. From the moment you stand on the pavement outside the Wedgewood you are treated like royalty. The staff cannot do enough for you. We went there on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a gorgeous room with a complimentary bottle on the first night and chocolates on the second. Each night we also had fresh cookies left in the room when the staff did the turn down service :-) The room was spacious and comfortable with free wi-fi (something a lot of the hotels we stayed in did not offer). We did not eat in the restaurant but did go to the bar. Once again the service was excellent and the staff very friendly. The reception staff were also incredibly friendly and helpful when it came to ordering taxi's and suggesting things for us to do. I filled out a questionnaire about the hotel before we left and when we got back home there was a lovely letter from the hotel saying how much they appreciated the feedback. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vancouver. We also stayed in the Pan Pacific which was nice but a lot more business like and given the choice again I would definitely choose the Wedgewood.
73. When we arrived (my 27 year old son and I) we found the valet parking available immediately. Staff were quick to gather out equipment and suitcases. Check in was a breeze...they welcomed me back again. Quick again for check-in. Room was very nice with two large beds (as planned and expected) but there were cookies and candies (unexpected) which made it a very welcoming impression. Staff asked if we needed information on where to eat, but we already had an idea of where to go. The room was quiet, on the back side of the hotel which was nice also. We had a good sleep. Despite our early checkout (5:45 am) staff had the car waiting out front and checkout took almost a minute. All in all another great stay at the Wedgewood.
74. My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon. The hotel was beatifully presented and our room was spacious and included a very large bath tub which was accessed directly from the bedroom area - very original! The service was fine although one of the receptionists (long blonde hair) always struggled to raise a smile! The hotel is situated in a very good place, right in the heart of Vancouver and within walking distance of pretty much anything. No complaints at all and the cookies were a nice little extra. It makes you wonder why other hotels don't do a similar thing. Its funny how something that costs a hotel so little is the one thing most people remember....
75. We had a large suite that was lovely but the furniture was not that comfortable.Depending on who was at the front desk the service could be excellen to poor. Breakfast and lunch in the restaurant were delicious and I did not think it was outrageously expensive. I just wish my check in process had been more pleasant and that the manager had actually called me when I asked for that to occur. I thought the assistant managet was very inefficient.. I think that this hotel can be wonderful when things go smoothly which did occur after the first day. For the price paid I expected top notch service in every regard on a regular basis. The location is fabulous.
76. This hotel is in a very noisy area - a hospital is close by and I believe a fire station. We heard sirens until midnight, then fell asleep. At 7 am, there was street construction noise. Besides that, the rooms were nice. I'd recommend the better suites to the minimal one bc it only has a drape to separate the rooms and the bathroom is in the sitting room (doesn't work well with kids). Also, the bedroom was small as was the sitting room. The staff is very friendly.
77. Very nice hotel. Good sized room, which seemed to have been recently refurbished. Bathroom looked new. Good location, close to the main shopping area and walkable to everything. Good restaurant recommendations from the staff. Nice bar and restaurant in the hotel, too. Seemed more intimate and friendly than the other top-end hotels in Vancouver.
78. My family surprised me by coming to Vancouver to visit and putting me up at the Wedgewood with them. So first I was lucky to have my family come for a visit, and second I was lucky to stay at the Wedgewood. The hotel is really beautiful. Definitely upscale but very unpretentious. I'm a casual person and don't like to go somewhere where I feel uncomfortable. I'd just written a week's worth of exams so didn't feel or look my best when I arrived. But no matter how I looked or felt, I was made to feel at home and very welcome by the staff at The Wedgewood. The rooms are beautiful and have a European feel to them. We didn't get a chance to use the big soaker tub in the room, but with more time I definitely would've indulged. We did, however, book deep tissue massages at the Spa located inside the hotel and I couldn't be more glad that we did because they were AMAZING. The massage was very necessary after the stress of exams and the using the steam room beforehand was invigorating, to say the very least. We had dinner at Bacchus Lounge on our first night and the food & service were impeccable. I'm on a very restrictive diet at the moment and the chef was more than accommodating when I had to make numerous adjustments to the menu items. Everything tasted fantastic and was beautifully prepared. Our entire party of seven were very pleased with their meals. I cannot wait to stay at the Wedgewood again! Look no further when deciding where to stay in our beautiful city of Vancouver!
79. We were so pleasantly surprised by the Wedgewood Hotel. We visited Vancouver during all-time-record-breaking heat and the Wedgewood was like a sanctuary in the middle of the hot city. Every time we came back to the room we were able to slip between the cold sheets and refresh and rejuvenate. Within 30 minutes of checking in, everyone on the staff knew our names and they went out of their way to make our stay just wonderful. The restaurant is just delicious and the room (we had a suite) was just right, luxurious and elegant, without being over the top.
80. We booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews for a last minute night away, and were very happy with the choice. The hotel is lovely, well appointed, and the rooms were beautiful. We had a great view of downtown Vancouver, and really enjoyed the room. The only small problem was that our room was not ready at check in, but they switched our floors and brought us to a room as quickly as possible. We had lunch and drinks in the attached restaurant which also has a great atmosphere. We were able to walk throughout downtown very easily. Great choice, and we'll be back.
81. I wanted to try this hotel because of the location to shopping - I normally stay at the Pan Pacific. I was not disappointed. We tried out the sauna in the spa and the amenities were excellent - great on a cold and rainy day. They have computers in the business center which are free - with small screens and slow access but better than nothing! Every single hotel staff that we encountered asked if they could do anything for us - every one was friendly and kind. The bathroom was my favorite - oversized tub and gorgeous tile. Hand held shower head - both the towels and the sheets were of the highest quality. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. We didn't try the bar or restaurant instead went down the street to the restaurant at the Blue Horizon hotel.
82. WE loved this hotel. The people were quite nice and helpful at the desk. Service was impeccable and our rooms were quite large with a balcony. Great location and the bar restaurant is awesome with the windows opened up onto the street- felt like a quaint French hotel. It earns it's Relais Chateau rating.
83. From the minute the valet staff greeted us we were made to feel at home. The room (one king and a separate area pullout) was immaculate with a beautiful, updated bathroom. We decided to eat at the inhouse restaurant, Bacchus, the food was delicious, the service was pleasing. Due to the piano bar being right next to the restaurant it was a tad difficult to have an easy conversation, it seemed, however, there were tables further from the bar area. The location couldn't have been better just a few steps from Robson Street. We would definitely go back.
84. When we arrived we were greeted by an exceptionally friendly valet - this was a pattern as all of the valets we interacted with were friendly and helpful, as were the reception staff. This was useful during our stay, as the concierge seemed to have little knowledge of the city. We were upgraded to a 2 room, 2 bathroom suite on check-in and the room did, as requested, overlook the square. Unfortunately there was a lot of building work going on, so it was not an attractive or quiet view, but not the hotel's fault. The suite was large, although with a slightly awkward layout, and the ensuite had a large spa bath with a large hatch through to the bedroom so that someone in the bath could watch the bedroom TV or converse with their partner in the bedroom. Overall I would say that the hotel is very luxurious (and priced accordingly), but good value compared to some hotels we stayed in BC and AB.
85. Elegant yet friendly. Great location in downtown. Super staff. They had the answers to our every question. Cookies and Chococolates to die for . In addition, we spent a fabulous evening in the Bacchus Restaurant celebrating our anniversary. We'd go back in a flash.
86. I surprised my husband with a birthday weekend at the Wedgewood. I booked on the special occasion package that they offer and we weren't disappointed at all. We were in a deluxe executive room on the 9th floor. The bed was really confortable and the shower was great. We got a voucher for the Bacchus restaurant which was fantastic. Well worth it even without the voucher. The continental breakfast was included with the package and started our mornings off on the right foot. My husband enjoyed a pot of coffee and I enjoyed a hot chocolate with our yogurt parfaits and two pasteries each. We sat and slowly had our breakfast as we people watched from comfy leather chairs and read the complimentary newspaper. The service was first rate and everyone greeted us with a smile. Thanks to everyone at the Wedgewood for making my husband's birthday a truly special occasion.
87. We stayed here during our trip to Canada and Alaska for just 2 nights before going on our cruise. We had a great room with balcony and hugh tub in the bedroom! The bar had a great atmosphere and the restaurant was fantastic. Staff very helpful and friendly. All round a very classy place to stay and although not cheap it was a bargin compared to our other hotel The Westin Bayshore!! The only thing missing for us was a nice outdoor terrace to relax with a glass of wine and catch some sun. Stay here and you wont be disappointed
88. This is an excellent European-style hotel in Vancouver. It was a repeat visit and the positive views we formed on our previous visits were enhanced. Front desk staff were more than helpful, especially when we left some clothing behind which was found and sent to us very efficiently. The location is excellent, sufficiently away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to walk everywhere in the centre. The room, a junior suite, was large and very comfortable with separate living and sleeping areas. The biscuits at turndown are a small sign of the delicate touches that the hotel provides. All-in-all another good visit.
89. We stayed at the Wedgewood for two nights in July and were very impressed. The rooms are very big for a city centre hotel and well appointed. Beds wonderful! We did not eat at the restaurant but only because the hotel is so centrally placed that we ate out all of the time. A special mention should go to the front desk staff who were really friendly, helpful and smartly turned out. Would definately stay there again.
90. We stayed at the Wedgewood after spending a weekend in Whistler and immediately wished we had more than just one night in town. Wedgewood is a charming boutique hotel in a nice area of Vancouver. There were so many extras, from the sunken tub, turn down service, fresh cookies and chocolates. Our room had a great portable map for suggested walks/runs and we took the four mile loop through Stanley park, which was great. We really felt like the staff was looking out for us. We can't wait to come back!
91. A very classy hotel. A box of high quality chocolates and a personalized hand written welcome note were already in the room. We stayed in one of the large suites with 2 separate bathrooms (not one of the penthouses). One has a roman marble shower and the other has a huge Jacuzzi tub with shutters that open up into the bedroom. An array of high-end toiletries in both bathrooms. The luxury bed was huge with top quality bedding. This is the cleanest hotel room we have ever stayed in. As soon as we pulled up and were greeted properly we new we had made a good choice. We visited the lively (even on a weekday) bar and stayed late, obviously popular with the rich, hip and unusual. If you enjoy requested birthday wishes from complete strangers and an oompa band announcing your arrival, stay somewhere else (please). This is a discreet hotel, there’s a reason it is popular with movie stars! Everything was handled efficiently and pleasantly, the staff are all pros. Lots of attention to detail such as the doorman ensuring that my wife got into the car with out getting her hair wet when it was raining. We are looking forward to our next stay here.
92. This is a superb "boutique" hotel well located in the center of the city. It is right in the shopping and business district and close to tourist attractions. The staff are first rate. The Bacchus Restaurant in the hotel is over the top; the food is top notch and the setting is romantic. Cookies and chocolates were provided in the room at the end of the day and a newspaper was hung on the door in the morning. There was free in room WiFi. This was our second visit. The room was a delux King that was exceptionally well appointed. We plan to go back.
93. I travelled to Vancouver on business for many years and this hotel was my favorite. When making my reservations for my trips to Vancouver if no rooms were available at the Wedgewood I would change the date of my trip. The location is ideal just next to Robson street and a short walk from the bay. This boutique hotel pampers the guests. By far the best 5 star hotel in Vancouver.
94. We stayed at the Wedgewood Hotel and Spa over President's Day Weekend. We chose the hotel because of the reviews written and the Wedgewood Hotel and staff did not disapoint. We arrived a bit early but a suite was available and we were quickly checked in. The room was lovely and very comfortable with a large sofa/chaise combo in the living room that fit the two of us wonderfully. The bedroom had a very comfortable king bed with wonderful linens and pillows. There were little thoughtful touches such as a throw blanket, chocolates upon our arrival, bathrobes and slippers, ice bucket filled daily, nightly turn down service with cookies, etc.. Through out our stay we would find notes in our room thanking us for choosing the Wedgewood and letting us know if we needed anything from reservations at restaurants to recommendations for sight seeing to please let one of the staff know and they would arrange it for us. We did take advantage of the spa and LOVED it. We both had the exfoliation scrubs and then a 90 minute massages that were fabulous! The bar and restaurant were delightful. The bartender made great Ceasar's and the food was lovely; especially the Eggs Benedict. Additionally, the staff was wonderful. They always remembered us as we came and went and always had smiles for us and again asked us at every turn if needed anything or if they could assist us with anything. The only negative that we found was the drainage in the shower, very slow and the 4:00 am Monday morning wakeup by the trash pickup. Other than that we loved our stay and will return when we stay in Vancouver in the future.
95. Stayed here only 1 night on our way back from Whistler. We had to get up at 4am, so we went to bed early. We didn't hear another guest the entire time! The hotel is in an older building, however all of the rooms are very well appointed. There was even a bar in the room. Nice views of the city from our balcony (in a standard room). Valet is the only parking option, however it is much cheaper than some of the other hotels in the same area. (I think about $18 a day). Walking distance to quite a few things. The valet attendant was very friendly and willing to help. Would love to come back and stay longer than 1 night!
96. My husband and I checked into the hotel late in the evening. We were given a lovely suite, very well appointed on the 8th floor of the front side of the hotel and settled in for a 4 night stay. The first morning was quiet and we enjoyed our day in Vancouver. The hotel is near a nice market, movie theater, Robson street shopping and plenty of good restaurants. Unfortunately, the second morning, I awoke at 7am due to jackhammer noise along with the beep beep beep that construction equipment makes when backing up and general construction noise. There is a large construction project across the street from the hotel so be aware of that. When asked if we could move to something quieter, we were told they get complaints about garbage trucks coming at 5am at the back of the hotel but they would show us another room higher up on the front side. We tried the 11th floor, but the noise was not any better so checked out and went to another hotel down the street. To their credit, they did not penalize us for checking out early due to the problem with the noise. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are very nice, but I do wish they had told us about the construction. I would recommend this hotel to anyone once construction is complete so check first. My ratings of value and sleep quality are due entirely on the basis of the construction noise, otherwise they would have been higher.
97. So I went to the amazing Sara Bareilles concert in Vancouver and was fortunate to find this hotel on my iPhone via Google Maps! It was my first time and I will definitively go back! First Amazing thing: They upgraded me to a king suite! The room was awesome and the bed was unbelievable! Second Amazing Thing: The room had a big jacuzzi tub... Third Amazing Thing: The bed...OMG! Sunk in and had a tremendous sleep! Fourth Amazing Thing: WIthin minutes of arriving in my room they delivered a box of edible chocolates! Fifth Amazing Thing: The hotel is within walking distance to everything!! Sixth Amazing Thing: The staff were super friendly! Seventh Amazing Thing: The hotel has a warm and inviting feel.... Wow, I'm going back!
98. My wife and I were celebrating a special anniversary so we decided to go to the most talked about hotel in our city and we were certainly not disappointed. We had such a great weekend at the Wedgewood, that we've decided to make it a yearly tradition. The location is amazing, steps away from all the stores, restaurants and theatres and the service couldn't have been more professional and friendly at the same time. We stayed at a Wedgewood Suite beautifully decorated in cool brown and gold tones, silk fabrics and two luxurious spa bathrooms complete with pillar candles and bath salts for the double jetted tub - very romantic!! Breakfast in bed was wholesome and elegantly served, but their Spa was the highlight of our stay. We had to make reservations way in advance because it's so popular and we saw why. They offer a variety of interesting treatments, some for couples. a great eucalyptus steam room and the aestheticians were some of the best we've ever tried. My wife has already made a second appointment. Their Lounge and Restaurant, Bacchus is definitely the place to see and be seen by the elite of Vancouver. We had a great dinner the first evening and just dessert and drinks late the second evening. We will return often. Ken Clark
99. We stayed here at the start of our honeymoon in a Wedgewood suite which was fantastic. Nice and large and very comfortable. The room overlooked Robson Square and is only a few minutes walk to Robson street. Very friendly / helpful staff. The cookies at night were gorgeous and a nice touch as was the free net access to check weather / update on lost luggage etc... Jeff.
100. I discovered the Wedgewood here on TripAdvisor around three months ago and have since stayed there four times for a variety of reasons and with a different mix of rooms. This hotel has quickly become my preferred Hotel when I visit Vancouver, knocking Sutton Place, The Fairmont Hotel Vancouver and Hyatt out of my top preferred Hotels in the area. The location is perfect! With some of my favourite restaurants all around (The Bellagio or Cactus club for casual and quick, Don Francesco's for a Risotto, Starbucks or Tim's for Coffee...the list goes on!) and Pacific Centre, chapters, and other Robson street shopping just a block away. The Skytrain is your link to everything entertainment and is just a block in either direction. The staff is exceptional. Friendly, bright, chatty, helpful, and genuinely pleasant to talk to. Above all the staff at the Wedgewood is what makes this hotel so very different from others in the area. Most hotels you just want to get through the lobby and to your room with maybe the odd exception to the rule; here at the Wedgewood we find ourselves linger in the lobby to chat with the Valet, Concierge, or desk staff for a moment or two. When you return from an outing they want to know how it was? What did you find at the shops or how was the hockey game? With the Wedgewood I always feel like I'm visiting family, and the box of chocolates at check-in and nightly turn down service with a bottle of water and some cookies sure does help that along! If I could change one thing about the Wedgewood I would take two of their fabulous beds and make a two bedroom suite!
