1. Do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel. With so many hotels as options, you do not need to subject yourself to our experience. On our last night at the hotel (we stayed 10 nights) we were packing our belongings when I discovered that my jewelry had been stolen from our suitcase. There are no hotel safes, nor are there safes in the rooms. In my naivete, I assumed there would be a safe so I did not check when we confirmed our booking. Without a safe, we decided to do the next best thing and hide our jewelry in one suitcase that was rolled up and put into another suircase, which was then stuffed under the armoire! The thief, apparently a professional, was so adept at picking the real from the fake, that only costume jewelry remained. Overall, close to $12,000 in jewelry was stolen. We called the police, and they conducted an "investigation". Clearly, the jewelry would never be found. The hotel manager and owner, Mr. Alain Bigeard, was not helpful, and has washed his hands clean of this unfortunate event. With so few employees in the hotel (there are a total of 6 employees including the owner) it is quite disappointing to have experienced such a tragedy.
2. I booked the hotel on the advice of this website and guidebooks for the first 3 nights of our honeymoon and it lived upto expectations. It is in a beautiful location very central which meant we walked nearly everywhere and the surrounding area 'Marais' provided us with enough restaurants, cafes and atmosphere to keep us entertained for the 3 nights of our stay. The Hotel could not have been more accomodating, we had a room on the 6th floor with a balcony on the front looking out over the rooftops of Paris. The rooms are compact and Bijou but they had everything we could have needed, the breckfast was excellent value and served till 12pm and the staff always polite. It is not a huge place and does not have a restaurant or leisure facilities in house but your in central paris and you do not need an excuse to go and look for somewhere to eat or walk. The Hotel Caron De Beaumarchais is an affordable and beautiful place to stay in a beautiful and expensive city.
3. About 3 years ago while wandering around Le Marais, I passed by Caron de Beaumarchais and fell in love with it's charm. I took a photo that I posted on Flickr and tagged so I could remember the name of this hotel when I returned. Unfortunately, 10 months later when I returned, there was no vacancy. :( This year, after being away from Paris for too long, I had the chance to return and sent an email to the hotel to see about availability. Sure enough it was! Of course, all of the anticipation really raised my expectations. But Caron de Beaumarchais didn't disappoint. It was as charming on the inside as the outside. The hotel gave me the rooftop floor with the balcony - something I couldn't really use as it was rainy in Paris while I was there, but adored nonetheless. The room, as are all Paris rooms, was tiny, but charming. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. The location couldn't be beat. The room was clean. The view was amazing. And I got a kick out of watching others stop and stare at the beautiful front of the hotel when I was waiting in the lobby area. The price was incredible for such a great location. I'd recommend this hotel highly. I can't wait to return!
4. The hotel lived up to expectations in every way. It was also a good test of Tripadvisor.com as it was the first time I'd based my hotel choice on the reviews on here. We stayed on the second floor - room 20 - and it was beautiful. Yes the room wasn't big but we were staying 12 days and had no problem storing all our clothes. And managed to stow the empty suitcases right out of the was behind the little writing desk. Unless you have a massive appetite you really do only need one breakfast and share it. We didn't even order extra coffee as what comes with breakfast gave us 3 cups - more than enough unless you want to spend the morning looking for a toilette!! The coffee was good strong french coffee not rather weak hotel coffee which so many places serve. We always had breakfast in the little breakfast room as I do actually like to get up and out of the room for breakfast. I was a little worried as the Hotel advertises "Herald Tribune" with breakfast that it catered exclusively for Americans. But if you're English don't worry there's also the option of the Guardian and Figaro available in the braekfast room. The fresh flowers in the room, the bathrobes, the lovely soaps and bath toiletries all make for a special stay. We ate mainly at Les Philosophes restauant about 2 minutes walk up the road and had lovely meals and excellent service. The hotel is a perfect base for Paris, we did use the Metro for the further flung destinations. but so much is walkable - buy a good map and get out there! A word of advice get to the big attractions early - we breakfasted at 8 and were at Notre Dame, the Eifel Tower, the Louvre, the Musee d'Orsay etc by around 9.30 and beat the worst of the queues. A perfect stay and I'd recommend it to anyone wanting a peaceful break in Paris. Don't worry if your French is rusty - the front desk staff speak excellent English and are very friendly.
5. Absolutely incredible. I booked this hotel based on their website and the reviews on this and other websites. I corresponded with the staff at the Caron de Beaumarchais and booked the room with the best view of Notre Dame because I wanted to propose to my girlfriend from the terrace. They were very accomodating and helpful. They helped me make reservations at restaurants and provided glasses and corkscrews for the wine we brought back to the room. Oh, by the way, SHE SAID YES!!! Merci!
6. Staying in this property is not for those who seek luxury at each turn. The good things are the location and convenience - you can literally walk Paris from the front door. The bad are that the rooms are small (worth asking for a balcony room when booking) and it's a couple of hundred years old ( - is that good or bad?). We quite happily lived in this hotel (in the fifth floor balcony room) for a week and thought it was a great option.
7. We found the location was excellent but the rooms are really really small. Bathrooms are tiny and can't fit two people. Still the place has a real sense of history, helpful front desk staff and one of the better locations in Paris. Felt safe walking around the neighbourhood . The price is quite reasonable and you feel like you are in Paris as opposed to staying in a standard Hilton.I wouldn't stay again even though I was happy as I think there is better value to be had.
8. My daugher and I stayed here from June 13-18th and were very pleased with the hotel and its location. The decor was quaint, the rooms small (we expected that), beds were very comfortable and the air conditioning worked! The staff was helpful, especially the gentleman who was at the desk the morning we left. He made an extraordinary(and successful) effort to get us a taxi on a Monday morning at rush hour. We enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the hotel's location in the Marais. There were numerous cafes, shops and restaurants to choose from within a couple blocks radius. We were able to walk to Notre Dame and several other sights and there were two metro stations close by when we didn't feel like walking. The area reminded me of the Trastavere area of Rome where you don't feel like you are in the midst of the tourist crowds at the end of a day of sightseeing.
9. I have stayed at this hotel both times I visited Paris, and if I get the opportunity to return, I would stay there again. Though the rooms are petit, the staff is friendly and very helpful. They treated my husband and myself very respectfully, in spite of our youthful appearance. The decor is charming throughout, the breakfast is decadent, and there is free wireless internet. The hotel is situated right off the Rue de Rivoli, so it is in walking distance from the Louvre, as well as the french department store, BHV. I recommend this hotel for romantics and 17th century history lovers because of the ambiance that evokes the romance of the past.
10. I have been to Paris many times and prefers to stay near the Rue de Rivoli as that is close to everything and easy to get around by the metro. This hotel is very central, right between two metro stations (Hôtel de Ville and St. Paul). The hotel is very typical Parisian, with very small rooms, small elevator and steep stairs. But the rooms were very clean (we had two rooms). My mother and my aunt shared a room with twin beds. It was two beds, but they were so close together that you might as well call it a double bed. There was no room to move the bed further apart, but they didn't mind. I shared a double bed with my young daugher and even if the bed was quite small, it was comfortable. The hotel is decorated in the style of the 17th century and is very charming if you like that type of decor. Even though the hotel is a step away from the busy Rue de Rivoli, we heard no trafic or other noise from our room. The breakfast room was tiny, but the breakfast was very good and it was more than enough to eat. The staff is very friendly and even though I spoke French with them, I could hear them speaking very well English with other guests. They were very helpful and serviceminded. I would stay here again!
11. I have to say that of all the hotels I have stayed in Paris, this one is by far my favorite. The service is wonderful, the staff is incredibly helpful, the rooms are perfectly delightful - I stayed in a front facing room with a balcony. The windows are double glazed, so while it is on a busy street, noise was not a problem. The location was fantastic - the Marais is pefectly situated for shopping, eating and strolling. Free Wi-Fi is very convenient......just a few doors down there is a takeaway coffee shop which can be a rarity in Paris (Cafe Columbus), perfect for a morning croissant and coffee that you can take back to your room. Best of all, check out the chandeliers in each room and the amazing lightbulbs, they are on rockers and gently sway making it look like real candles!
12. I had read many positive reviews of this site so decided to book here for my most recent trip to Paris. I was enchanted by their web site (which can be deceiving but not in this case). The room on tfifth floor streetside was compact but sunny with a tiny balcony with table and chairs. This is Paris so the room was tiny, but well-designed with two built-in armoires for storage. The setting was charming and exactly what I had been looking for from the antiques to the decor to the fresh flowers I was pleased to see there was a full bath with tub I have stayed in other 3-stars in Paris where all you get is a teensy shower stall. Yes, there was no shower curtain, but you can adjust the handheld shower spray so that it doesn't make a mess. The English-speaking staff was very nice and helped with dinner reservations. It is in a great location in the Marais district. The only downside of the location is that the neighborhood can get a little noisy at night especially if you leave the french doors cracked open. Overall this is about as good as it gets for this price in Paris. The little extras (flowers, candy, linens, atmosphere, nice bath products) really kick it up a notch above the rest in this category.
13. We have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais. A superb location with immediate access to the hip and happening Marsais. The staff is friendly, the rooms although small (petite) are newly restored and charming with distinct character touches, and clean modern bathrooms. Balcony rooms (top 2 floors) offer excellent rooftop views and sunsets overlooking Notre Dame. Overall met all expectations of a small "lost in time" boutique hotel bording the hippest neighborhood with excellent shopping, eating and down right best people watching spot in town.
14. We stayed at the Caron de Beaumarchais at Christmastime this year. We has stayed there about 6 years prior, and had lovely memories. Not this time. Our room was tiny (I know, it's a Parisian hotel) dark, overlooked the noisy Rue de Rivoli, had a bathroom the size of a closet, with almost no actual closet space in the room. When we asked about changing rooms, the gentleman at the desk told us ALL the rooms were this small. (Maybe we were younger then, and more easily enchanted...) And to top it off, the minibar was in the bathroom- ewww. Ended up paying for 2 nights and only stayed 1.Thankfully found a great room for the rest of the trip at the Hotel Duo, also in the Marais. Will stay there again on our next trip to Paris!
15. Aside from the location, I hated this place. The Marais is an amazing neighborhood, but not worth a stay in this dirty little hotel. The carpets were worn and torn, and i was afraid to take my shoes off. Moreover, the maid's hair was on my sheets, and i seriously doubted the integrity and cleanliness of the mattresses and sheets. I was just here for one night, but I didn't get any sleep at all - I was too afraid the bed bugs would bite. This hotel is cheap, but you'd be better off moving to a less amazing location in order to preserve your sanity. I would recommend the Hotel Elysees Regencia in the 16e on Avenue Marceau. The rooms are slightly more expensive, but you get a whole lot more for the money.
16. We stayed here for five nights in October/November. It was a wonderful location. Our room was very charming, it had all the nice touches and the bathroom was clean and modern. We were very happy staying here and felt we got a lot of for the money, considering we were staying in Paris!
17. This was a wonderful 5 days in a charming 3 star hotel in a perfect location. The service was extremely helpful - making bus reservations to airport as we left the first day of the strike. Very charming though the lobby looked like it could use a dusting. Didn't pay for breakfast as there was a bakery and coffee shop up the block.
18. Based on good web & book reviews I booked this hotel expecting it to be an assured "treat" on a world trip. My experience of the hotel was very disappointing. Although I had requested a twin room, I was given a double (2 singles pushed together)in a room of "shoe box" proportions. This problem was obviously considered adequately rectified by reconfiguring a gap, the thickness of an envelope, between the beds. The lovely courtyard I'd expected to face onto was no more than a light well running up the centre of the building, glimpsed from my 3rd floor room. (I'd imagined a room on the courtyard would have lovely French doors for me to access it). I will certainly return to Paris and to the same district but I shall stay in a hotel capable of delivering on promise and service and not one hidden behind the folly of novelty.
19. My wife and I stayed here for two nights and had a great stay. The staff was pleasant, the location perfect and the style/ambiance of the rooms was great. Granted, the rooms are not particularly big by any standard but they are cozy and comfortable. We got a room facing the street which has a good view. I think if would have gotten a room with no view or a courtyard view the rooms would have felt too small. We got the breakfast package and had a beautiful spread delivered to our room - incredible pastries, soft boiled eggs, fruit and a pot of stellar, strong coffee. It doesn't sound particularly amazing but whenever we talk about our favorite breakfasts of all time, this one always comes up. Its a great way to start a daily adventure in Paris. Next time we are in Paris we plan to stay here. Can't go wrong.
20. Sweet place to stay in the Marais area. We stayed here for 5 days at the end of June. The room & bathroom was very tiny, but very clean. Our room on the 2nd floor (would be the 3rd floor in the US) had a little balcony. Like many boutique hotels, there was only one person at the front desk...and a different one everyday. All the attendants were extremely pleasant and helpful with all our questions. Dry cleaner is next door if you need it. Plenty of restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. About 8 minute walk to Hotel D'Ville or St. Paul metro. Right off Rue Rivoli and close to Les Halles & The Louvre. We would definitely stay here again.
21. beautiful boutique hotel, great location and service only drawback is the cheaper rooms ( courtyard view) are small, and a bit dark. it is worth the extra 10 euros for the front facing windows. whiach are larger and brighter. would go back in an instant
22. I stayed there 4 years ago and enjoyed it even better this time. Great staff, great location and the new decor is just soooo cute! Rooms are a bit small but I think it's a good size for Paris anyway and the antics make you forget that the minute you enter your room. This is definitely "mon maison a Paris".
23. My 11 year old daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights and were really delighted with our choice. I don't think we could have got a better location in the beautiful Marais district with everything we needed nearby including lots of shopping and great restaurants. The hotel and the rooms are small but lovely with loads of towels in the bathroom and a mini bar. Breakfast was enormous with one enough for both of us to share. We had a street facing room on the first floor and were surprised at how quiet it was. I will be recommending it to family and friends.
24. My mum and I just returned from an 8 day stay in Paris and we stayed at the charming little boutique Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais. I did a lot of research before hand, as I was traveling with my 65 year Mum, and wanted her to have the comforts that not all European hotels have. This hotel met all of our expectations : ~The location can't be beat (5min saunter to the Seine, right in the heart of Paris. 5min walk to metro) ~ All the staff we met were delightfully helpful and pleasant (Phillip & Genevieve were great). They were patient when we used our French, and welcoming when speaking in our native English. ~We had a front side room with a balcony, although just off of Rue de Rivoli it was surprisingly quiet. ~ Not only was our room decorated with a "Marie- Antoinette feeling" with grand drapes and exposed ceiling beams; our twin beds were comfortable, we had ample closet space for our clothes, and our room was impeccably clean. It was, as others have stated, the regular small Parisian size. ~The breakfast was large, my mother and I shared one between us, delivered to our room each morning...croissant, pain au chocolat, baguette, butter & jams, egg, coffee, fruit, yogurt, and cheese. The flavours were wonderful! ~As well as the cafes and restaurants around every corner, there is a delicious boulangerie 4 doors down and a Mon-op grocery store around the corner. Truly we were delighted with our find here, and will be booking here again for sure. Paris is such and enchanting city, and staying at Caron de Beaumarchais just added to the over-all wonderful experience.
25. What a lovely Hotel. Our room was on the 5th floor, with a balcony. Small but had enough room for what we wanted. The location is perfect for anything you would want to do in Paris. Metro very close, and many sights within walking distance, which we preferred. The staff was wonderful, very helpful and attentive. We would definately stay here again! !
26. Based on the ecstatic reviews on this site and Fodor's, we reserved a street-fronting room for mid-September several months in advance. My friend and I have stayed in mid-priced hotels in the Marais before, so we understand what to expect for the money in that area. What really sold us on the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais, along with the great reviews -- the prospect of a little balcony in the Marais. We received a confirmation for a street-fronting room, but days before we left for France, we received a new confirmation for a "courtyard view." We thought it was too late to make new arrangements, and how bad could it be? The "courtyard," it turns out, is an air shaft, and courtyard rooms are aparently much smaller than street-fronting rooms. I can only assume the people who love this hotel do not get courtyard rooms. Frankly, apart from the tinyness, it was truly dumpy and ordinary and I defy anyone to find the "charm" in that room. As noted by others, the bed is too short for someone 5'11" tall. Around 2 am a very strong smell permeated the airshaft -- I guess some restaurant began cooking -- it smelled like meatloaf. We never did sleep that night. All in all it was a grim little cell we couldn't wait to leave, which we did as soon as we found another hotel. It is a little disorienting -- all these positive reviews and our experience was not like that at all. All I can say is, don't let them downgrade you to a "courtyard" room!
27. Typical, quaint French Hotel in the hip Marais area. Close to the Hôtel de Ville and Pompidou Center (Metro about 6 blocks). We stayed in a lovely room (#10) on the second floor with a faboulous view and large windows that opened up to the street. The breakfast was delightful: great croissants, bread, jam, butter, fresh OJ, coffee and hard boiled egg served in a tiny kitchenette (or in your room). Yes, the rooms were small, but decorated lovingly. The service was fabulous, English speaking and with an attendant always at the front desk (entrance) which was more like a small living room. We would return and recommend this hotel. For the price we felt this was a good value.
28. Just returned from 3 nights in Paris, great time to go in early spring!! It was our 4th stay in the city and we wanted to stay in Le Marais which is great for less touristy dining and drinking! The Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais was a perfect location. We had the 6th floor front room and although I agree that it was TINY, it was also very cute and clean. The best thing about the front rooms is the balcony where we had breakfast 2 mornings. We could have sat out there all morning in the sun! We paid 142 euros per night which was less than originally quoted. This is a small hotel so expect to have to wait occasionally for the staff to return to the front desk etc. Overall the staff were very friendly as mentioned by other reviewers. The only thing that was a little annoying was the very loud banging of the doors to the rooms next to us early in the mornings. This was the cleaning staff. It was only so noticable because the rooms are so close but I kept thinking it was our door was being unlocked. Overall a great stay in a very 'parisian' hotel.
29. Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais was such a find!! Our Parisian friends suggested we stay here and we are so happy we did! Each day we awoke to a beautiful room with wood beams and lovely French furniture. We could open our windows to a beautiful little balcony and enjoy feel of Paris. Room size was a bit small but no smaller than most in Paris. The concierge was quite welcoming but I think was happy to see us depart because we asked for hot water for tea each night when we came home around 7 or 8pm, we felt like we really put them out by asking for this but they put up with our outlandish demands! (lol) They were truly kind to us and gave us directions and recommendations at every turn. This hotel is extremely convenient to walk anywhere!! To Notre Dame and a short bus ride to the Louvre or Muse'e D'Orsay or even to the Eiffel Tour, the baus station is right around the corner from the hotel. I highly recommend taking the bus like a regular Parisian, who by the way, were incredibly helpful to these two Americans who could not speak proper French. The trick here is to "attempt" to speak some French; once they know you're trying, they're much more apt to help you. About the bus, take the bus rather than the metro, you'll experience Paris as it should be experienced, like a local! On the whole, Beaumarchais was a wonderful place to stay, cozy, convenient and courteous(for the most part!) Rooms on the small size, no American television but I didn't come to Paris to watch TV I came to see Paris and that I did from this wonderful location.
30. My friend and I recently returned from a week's stay at the Caron de Beaumarchais and really enjoyed our stay there. We chose the hotel for its location and superior reputation and had a twin room, facing the street. The hotel is decorated for its period and is, hence, quite visually busy. The room was small, but roomy enough for two women with lots of stuff, and contained everything one would need. On the other hand, it's full of period furniture, big drapery, a chandelier that one of us hit every time we reached overhead to put our arms through a sweater, etc. The proprietor takes pride in the period decor, but did install a shower curtain for us immediately when we expressed concern about soaking the curtainless bathroom twice/day. There's a lovely woman at the desk most days named Genevieve who spoke with us at length about anything and everything and was warm, accommodating, fun and genuine. We decided against the hotel breakfast (12 euros) even though they serve at the most humane hours....up until 12. We did, however, order coffee twice and weren't thrilled with it. We found the coffee at the boulangerie up the street to be superior and most days went there for breakfast at an extremely reasonable price. The hotel is, in my view, in the best location in Paris...two steps off the Rue de Rivoli, easy walking to the Bastille and neighborhoods beyond, and likewise to the Louvre, Ile de la Cite, left bank, etc. We even walked back from Montmartre. There are lots of cafes, restaurants and interesting shops surrounding the hotel. Most highly recommended is L'As du Falafel for its excellent schwarma and falafel for a price you can live with while the euro is eating you alive!
31. I stayed twice in this hotel, in January 2008 (with my husband) and in May 2011 (with my parents). The hotel is really cute and well decorated (the pictures in their website are very accurate). The room is small, yet really comfortable and quiet. The bed is excellent; the shower has good pressure and temperature. The location is amazing! The hotel's street is very beautiful and has a lot of bakeries, cafés, restaurants, bars and shops. It also has a very good fromagerie and a nice wine bar, which is also a book shop. The hotel is very close to the subway and several interesting places. But, above all, what makes this hotel special is its service. The owner and the staff are extremely kind, helpful and attentive, especially Philipp and Geneveuve. I hope I can travel to Paris many times and, each time, I hope to stay there.
32. I booked this hotel for a romantic 2 day break for my husband's birthday, and the hotel and location couldn't have been more perfect! We had a room on the 5th floor with a balcony, and yes, it was a little petit, but really lovely nonetheless. The bathroom was a good size wtih a good shower/bath. The service couldn't have been nicer, really great reception wtih perfect English, yet were patient to humour me with my terrible French, without laughing! The location is amazing - you are in the heart of the Marais, with great shops, art, bars, restaurants, coffee shops - all sorts. A lot of sights are walkable to and from the hotel, including Hotel de Ville, Notre Dame, Latin Quarter to name but a few. I would go back again and again....
33. I was referred to this lovely, little hotel by two friends and after exhaustive research and reading of many other TripAdvisor reviews, I booked my reservation for three nights in September. The staff were nice and helpful. The room was perfectly charming and well-presented... perfect for a solo traveler like myself. While I didn't partake in the breakfast, there was an amazing (and highly-regarded) boulangerie a few doors down on Rue Vieille du Temple where I had amazing breads and pastries in the morning. 2.5 blocks off the Seine, yet close to the main street of Rue de Francs Bourgois in Le Marais, the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais was ideally and centrally located for all there is to see and do in Paris. I will definitely stay here when I return next year.
34. We spent four nights in this hotel during our honey moon last July and it was exactly what we expected - Great location, charming hotel. The Roget Gallet soaps was a nice touch. International papers with breakfast big enough for two people. Helpful staff (speak many languages fluently). Free High speed Internet, which was perfect to plan our days and nights. Rooms are small as you would expect in Paris.
35. The hotel staff was very nice and accomodating about my lack of French (they even gave a French friend directions to the hotel in French for me). I stayed in Room #1 (their cheapest), and while some have complained about it being too small, or overlooking the entrance, I enjoyed being able to walk in the door and enter my room in a few steps. It is small (by American hotel room standards), but perfectly suitable for one person. It was an amazing stay and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
36. Caron du Beaumarchais is certainly well-reviewed on this site and many others but I am not sure it deserves all the accolades. It is located very conveniently in the Marais -- only a few blocks from the Metro and lots of shops but right next to one of Paris' busiest and nosiest streets - rue de Rivoli. The windows keep out most of the noise, but if you are in the front as we were, it precludes you from opening the windows at night for fresh air when the AC isn't on yet as was the case during our recent 4 night stay when we were lucky enough to have beautiful 65-70F days and the hotel does not have fans. Most of the staff are friendly and the hotel was particularly helpful in making reservations in advance at L'Amboisie - a very tough to get **** restaurant in Place des Voges. One notable exception was the afternoon clerk who was consistently rude -- never returning customary greetings and barely acknowledging our presence each time we dropped off or retrieved the room key. He often waited several minutes while working at the computer before even looking up, knowing we were waiting. The rooms are indeed small as reported, but typical for European hotels. The decor is quaint and charming but appears a little worn around the edges despite having undergone a renovation last year. Beds are comfortable but seem unusually short and really can't accomodate anyone above 6'! The bathroom is clean but small; linens are fine but not luxurious. I still don't understand why the showers are w/o curtains or doors! It leaves such a mess! The rooms were cleaned promptly each morning. We did not have breakfast there as we typically like to go out and have our cafe and croissant in local boulangeries with the other Parisiens -- and there are plenty to pick from in the Marais. Overall, I expected more and was a bit disappointed. Experience was not bad, but would not rush back here as many others have recommended.
37. My wife and I stayed at the Caron de Beaumarchais hotel for 2 nights in May of 2006. We had read an article in a magazine about the hotel and wanted to see what it was like. We were very satisfied with the accomodations and virtually had no complaints. We had one of the more expensive rooms on the 2nd floor facing the street with a small balcony that had a table and 2 chairs. We were able to have a drink out on the balcony and people watch. The room was furnished with antiques and had a beautiful beamed ceiling and a chandelier. The bathroom was in good shape with a full tub and shower, although the tub was quite small compared to North American standards. The only minor complaint I guess that I would have was that I found the mattress a little too soft. It wasn't so bad that I woke up with a sore back or anything. The hotel is located in one of the nicer districts in Paris, Le Marais, with many shops, cafes, restaurants and museums in the area. We had some good meals nearby and were able to walk to the Picasso Museum a few streets away. The hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. We did not eat breadfast at the hotel, but it was about 10 Euros. The Metro is within a 10 minute walk up the Rue Rivoli and it is the Hotel de Ville station. Very easy to get to the hotel from the Metro even with luggage. I would recommend this hotel for it's comfort, decor and location.
38. What a location!!!!!!!!! -- on the right back between Hotel de Ville and the Marais. Great bistros down the street, a jazz club 10 minutes walk away, shopping to keep one fully occupied. During the day the owner staffs the desk and is most helpful in arranging/confirming dinners, tours, cabs. The evening and weekend receptionists also wonderful folks. The 19 rooms are small...but the high, wood- beamed ceiling makes them seem so much larger. We had a room in the front -- surprisingly quiet -- with a baloney and small table and chairs. Very personal place right in the middle of everything.
39. My wife and I recently spent 12 nights at he Caron du Beaumarchais. We totally enjoyed our stay. This is a small hotel, withits lobby filled with antiques. The room was indeed small, however, in our case, we had intensionally selected a sixth floor room with a terrace, with the knowledge that rooms with terraces were smaller. Location in the Marais district was perfect for us. It is centrally located, not inundated with tourists, quite safe and has a very active night life. Although the noise levels from street activity can be high, closing our windows eliminated outside noise. We heard nothing from occupied adjoining rooms. We found the hotel to be meticulously clean and the staff to be helpful beyond anything we could typically expect. I read that one poster complained about the small breakfast. Although the price of the hotel's breakfast was 12 euros, it was more than enough to share for two people. It consists of orange juice, a pot of coffee or tea, a baguette, a croissant, a chocolat au pain, butter, home made jams, yogurt, a hard boiled egg and a kiwi. This was more than adequate for my wife and I to share in the lovely downstairs breakfast room. As this was our first trip to Paris and I personally cannot compare it to other hotels in the city, its location, great staff and personality made it a winner for us.
40. This is a perfect example of "you get what you pay for." It's not expensive, nor is it super cheap...so you get an *excellent* location, comfy beds, but subpar linens, microscopic rooms (even the superior rooms are a tight fit for two people with lots of luggage), polite service, but not many amenities (no kitchen/roomservice, spotty wifi, cheap soap). But if you're like me, and you just use your hotel as a place to sleep because you're out all day/night, you'll find this hotel quite comfortable.
41. After my first stay at the Caron de Beaumarchais, I cannot fathom a visit to Paris and choosing to rest my head anywhere else. This little hotel is a delight and a gem. Great location, great rooms, great ambiance. Parfait all around!
42. After extensive research which included scouring TripAdvisor, Budget Travel's "Secret Hotels of Paris", and the NY Times "100 Hotels Under $150", I ended up settling on the Caron de Beaumarchais for a labor day weekend trip with my mom. I mostly chose it based on the location (love the Marais--central, charming, and within walking distance of most sights), but ended up loving the charm and overall design of the hotel as well. I was just so pleased with our experience that I decided to write my first TA review! Positives: The staff was incredibly nice and helpful, the room was very clean and a good size for 2 people (by European standards--we stayed in a front side room, which, judging from the reviews, is definitely worth the extra money), beds comfortable, free wifi, AC, and a good sized, delicious breakfast (1 order is more than enough for 2 people). Also the location can't be beat, and the decor of the hotel was so French and charming, without being stuffy and old. Negatives: The walls were a bit thin so in the morning we definitely heard doors slamming etc as housekeeping went in to clean the rooms around us. It wasn't loud enough to wake us up but definitely loud once we were up. Also, some might be annoyed that you have to leave your room key at the desk every time you leave, but reception is 24 hours and it really wasn't an inconvenience for us. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Paris, both my mom and I are very picky and neither of us can recommend it highly enough!
43. We based our stay at the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais upon the reviews at Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. This lovely little (6 story) hotel has approx. 17 units, which though small, are quite functional and most importantly, CLEAN. The management is friendly and accommodating. The location is incredible. The hotel is central to transportation, shopping and great cafes. One of the best amenities the hotel offers is WI-FI in the guestrooms. This was important for us and it functioned flawlessly. They offer a petit dejeuner (small breakfast) in their dining area or in your room for 9.80 euros which includes coffee or tea, freshly squeezed orange juice, croissant and baguette with jam. There are so many delightful cafes though in the area that one should avail themselves of the neighborhood offerings. Walking down the street in the morning, you can smell the amazing aromas from the patisseries. The proof of a good hotel is whether you would return and I can positively say that YES, we would return to Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais!
44. We have stayed in this hotel many times and have always been very pleased with everything. The location is perfect, right in the middle of Marais, close to Rue Rivoli (but not so close that the traffic is disturbing). The staff is great, always helpful, giving directions, making restaurant reservations, etc. Rooms are small but very nicely decorated with old furniture, a small pot with flowers and bathrobes. Internet is excellent and free. Be sure to have breakfast in the hotel. It’s delicious with yoghurt, a kiwi, three types of jam, baguette, croissant, pain au chocolate and a big pot of really nice coffee. This is without doubt our favorite hotel in Paris!
45. My husband and I stayed here for a few days while we visited Paris. We couldn't have asked for a better location - we were in walking distance to the Seine, the Metro, Notre Dame, the Louvre, etc. The staff was very helpful and friendly (and spoke very good English since our French was limited). We had their breakfast each morning, which was not only convenient, but very good and reasonably priced. We found the value to be very good for this hotel considering its excellent location and charming atmosphere.
46. My girlfriend and I stayed here in Sept 2006. The rooms are very small but they have bathrooms in the rooms. The building is hundreds of years old and I thought the period furniture and decorations really added to the experience of our trip. We initially had the room without the chandelier and wooden beams but we were able to switch to a room that had the beams and it was very romantic and sweet and a bit larger. The location is excellent (the Marais where the hotel is located is the gay area of Paris so there are quite a few gay bars and restaurants but the hotel is on a quiet street). It's also the hippest area with lots of cute shops, close to the Pompidou and not far (think it was three blocks) to the Metro. It also has an elevator. There's a little cafe on the corner Le Pick-Clops that was great for breakfast and coffee. We would absolutely stay there again.
47. I stayed here for three nights with my two small daughters. This hotel is excellent for what it is- a quaint, clean, charming parisian three star in an outstanding location. The rooms are attractive but well organised (mini bar under sink in the bathroom!) and clean. We had a balcony (second floor streetfront room) which was a treat. The air conditioning is excellent, the toiletries, towels and bathrobes are superb, the staff are very friendly and helpful. And the location is incredible, in Marais, a few minutes walk to the Seine, Ile St. Louis, Notre Dame, etc... For a leisure visit to Paris in this price range, I cant imagine anything much better. Highly recommended.
48. We stayed at Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais for our first visit to Paris & it was so lovely...although the room was on the small side it was well designed to fit 2 suitcases in without having to move them about each time to move around. The staff were exceptional...upon settling the bill I asked what was the best means of transport to the airport, the concierge advised by taxi & then actually came outside with me to hail down a taxi then proceeded to help with my luggage & spoke to the driver to advise which terminal to go to. It was just the icing on the cake for me!! The only downfall was the fact there was no screen or curtain around the bath to stop the water from drenching the bathroom floor & basin etc
49. I really loved this hotel. It was cute and quaint and right in the Marais which is the gay district. To give you a sense where it is, it is about a block from Hotel Bar Central. The rates were more than I wanted to spend being a budget traveler, but it was worth it. The only thing I didnt like, was when I came home from the bars - which was typically anywhere from 2 am to 5 am the lobby was completely dark. You have to ring a bell and wake the night auditor from his sleep to open the door and then he hands you your key to your room (typical to leave you room, but not to wake the guy). Needless to say since I stayed out late, which most younger people do, I also slept in late and maid service is only up until certain times. They will call and let you know the maid is leaving - so at least you can get out if needed. Otherwise the hotel is awesome and very pretty. There is a lift and only 2 rooms per level so it is very quiet.
50. We stayed for a total of 6 nights at this perfectly located in the 4th. Our room was small as is typical of Parisian Hotels, but it did not impact our comfort at all. We wanted to be centrally located. The availability of cafes, shops and restaurants was excellent. Although our room was on the street side we slept comfortably without any concern of street sound. The staff were extremely helpful. A wonderful stay at a charming little Parisian Hotel. We utilized the Velib Bicycle System. What a pleasure. After a few disconcerting minutes getting used to traveling at the speed of bike in the city of lights we were comfortable. We travelled all over the city. If you plan on using the bike for less than 7 days still pony up the week few to avoid having the 150 euro deposit being held a number of times. Really make sure the bike is placed back and accounted for. Try to remember where you deposited the bike and its number in case of challenges. We used the Chip and Pin Passport Card from Travelex and it worked perfectly. In our opinion it is the best way to see Paris. In fact on our arrival day since we were still on Mountain Standard Time we were cruising the streets of Paris at 2am.
51. We stayed in rooms 20 and 21 for six nights in December after doing a thorough combing of the web and other travel resources to find accommodations in Paris. This hotel is recommended by Budget Travel magazine and Rick Steves among others. Pros: Excellent customer service from all staff-particularly notable was friendly and helpful Genevieve. The breakfast room was clean, bright, and tastefully decorated, and the breakfast was large enough for two people to share. Fresh flowers in the rooms and very good maid service. Our rooms had balconies with tables and chairs and very clean bathrooms. Don't let the lack of shower curtains turn you off--it's not a big deal and the water pressure can be adjusted to prevent spray. The location was fantastic--a short walk to the Hotel de Ville Metro stop and BHV department store. Many dining options close by including L'As du Falafel, Pat's Hot Dogs, gelato, two bakeries, and a small grocery store. We also tried Equinox on Rue de Rosiers (across from the falafel stand) and had a good meal there with helpful servers. Cons: The rooms are small, so packing light is smart.. I could hear sounds from the room above from time to time, but I am a light sleeper. We always looked forward to returning each evening to the Beaumarchais and would strongly recommend it for couples who are searching for an excellent boutique Paris hotel.
52. The Marai is really good. Train stations are nearby and it is a short walk to notre dame. Lots of great eateries nearby and good shopping. The hotel is pretty small, but they have definitely made the most of what they have. It is really well decorated - we loved it. Our room was very small, with no view, only an internal window to a void. Still, this was no problem. We found out about this through a hip hotels book and I think the price for here is very good for Paris.
53. A week at this small but beautiful hotel, right in the heart of the fabullous Marais district, made our visit to Paris so memorable, The helpful and knowledgable Manager and the exquistely decorated rooms in 19th, century French style makes this place something special. Although not cheap, this hotel offers a truly Parisian experience that complements the many visits to all that is so great about this unique city.
54. We chose this hotel after lots of research and with the help of trip advisor. It is located in the Marais district of Paris, a great central area. The area was quaint and full of lovely shops and small restaurants and eateries. Metro stops were close by - we arrived at Orly airport and caught the metro in with no problems. The Hotel was lovely - very ;French" as we think of it. The beadroom was a good size especially by European Standards. The bathroom was well equiped. The room was airconditoined and windows were double glazed so it was very quiet at night. We were especially impressed with the helpfulness of the staff. They were particularly great at suggesting places to eat - we wanted authetic French food not the tourist interpretation!
55. We stayed at this hotel for 6 night, me and my daughter (12 years old). The staff was very polite, english speaker, helpful and nice. The hotel location is great. 3 minutes walking from two Metro stations: Hotel de ville & Saint paul (line 1). 5 minutes by foot to the Marais area and 15 minutes by foot to the Louvre and Place de la Concorde. The rooms are quite small, but beautifully decorated and comfortable. We enjoyed our staying very much.
56. I would like to highly recommend this hotel in the 4th district in Paris. It is close to everything. The room was the first one we have ever had in Paris with a real king size bed. Very comfortable. Other places have small beds. Full or queen size futons is the most we have experienced even renting apartments in Paris. It is small but it has an elevator. Very convenient for lots of luggage. Breakfast is optional with a separate charge but it is really like brunch. Lots of hearty chocolate croissants, baguettes, cheese, jam, yogurt and even fresh squeezed orange juice. One breakfast is enough for two... You can go to the small breakfast room or have it in your own room till noon. Decor is full of antiques, attractive and appropriate. We were there for about a week during Xmas 2005, and they had the nice gesture of giving us some chocolates we found in our room. Would love to go back there, very romantic. Appropriate for honeymooners.
57. We stayed for 6 nights in May. Had a front room. What a superb location, only minutes to the river. The marais is beautiful. Staff here are wonderful, very helpful in arranging taxi. I highly recommend the breakfast at the hotel, well worth the price. I also recommend dinner at Le Philosphe just up the street (Temple).
58. Just of Rivoli in Rue Veille du Temple, this is a great place to stay. Sweetly and classically decorated with a wonderful staff and really close to so much of what Paris offers - and in the extremely cool Marais district. Rooms are small, but that's OK and the bed is the best (and last, before heading home to NZ) we've experienced in 9 months of travel in Europe and USA - and quite a few hotels. In one of the coldest weeks in Paris for a long time it was lovely to come back to the hotel after a long day of sight-seeing. Very good advice from the team: use the buses to get around, instead of the metro. We did to get up to Montmartre and saw a lot more of the city. Fast internet, too... Highly recommended...
59. This is a lovely little hotel in a great location in Paris. The rates are between 165 and 185 euros plus 10 euros for breakfast. The breakfast is substantial-soft boiled egg, yogurt, croissant, bread, pain au chocolat, cheese, fruit and jams and honey. The rooms are beautiful period pieces filled with wooden beams, antique furniture and modern TV and air conditioning. They are small but that's Europe. They also have big fluffy robes and a mini bar. Try to get a room with a little balcony. You really feel on vacation sitting at the cafe table on your balcony eating croissants for breakfast. The reception staff are wonderful. They all speak English (or whatever language you need) and they are extremely helpful. They can suggest a restaurant, call you a cab, or point you to the nearest post office. I heartily recommend this hotel and would go again.
60. We did our homework online and kept coming back to this hotel and boy are we glad we did. Gracious, clean, helpful, incredible location, etc. Could not ask for more. When we checked in I tried to give Philippe our credit card and he brushed it aside and (in a "Ctanley with a C" way) said "all you need is a great attitude and a smile to check in". Fresh flowers, CNN on the tv for the little time we were in the room. We walked everywhere, from Amerinos and Berthillon ice cream, to galleries and cafes in the neighborhood (more than you can imagine), a three minute walk to River Seine, can cross right over to Ile St Louis and Il de la Cite. Great tip from hotel staff...at western tip of Il de la Cite there is a one hour river cruise for 12 euro (do not fall for the hundred euro dinner scam) and great cafes back in Marais for dinner. Right around the corner from an open market with various restaurants (but watch out, a few seem deliberately high priced for tourists, others not so much). Subway stops and bus stops close by. The Londerners and New Yorkers who crave a bit of home while there, three minutes away is a Le Pain Quotidien, but there is often a wait. Instead I suggest heading right out the door of the hotel and hit one of the patisseries on the street. Divine. All this within five or ten minutes of the hotel. Rooms are small but as everyone else writes, its Paris. I'm sure the rooms at the Marriott would be larger but also much more expensive and sterile. Would not stay anywhere else next time. It was perfect.
61. I stayed at The Caron de Beaumarchais with 3 friends, we booked 2 single rooms and 1 double,for 3 nights and all were ready waiting for us when we arrived. The rooms were all lovely, quite small, but perfectly formed. Very comfortable, with a great bathroom. Lovely reception with pieces of furniture, perfect for the theme. I would recommend the area also, many bars and great restaurants. All in all, a great find!
62. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is elegant and charming, the rooms are a bit small but very comfortable. The staff is friendly and ready to help in case of need. The position is perfect, in the middle of the Marais, and a few minutes’ walk from various metro stations. Breakfast at the hotel is nice, but if you prefer to go outside there are many places around, as "Le Pain quotidien", not far away. Definitely a good choice.
63. This hotel cannot be beat for location--near the Seine, the Marais and walkable to most everywhere. Service is excellent in both French and English. Rooms are charming--a bit small but not uncomfortable. One note: what they call the courtyard is really an inner atrium--no sunlight on the lower floors and not much air But very quiet and I used the A/C so didn't have a problem.
64. This hotel was our first experience in Paris together. We arrived and were greeted by a lovely woman who was exceptionally kind and helpful. When shown to our room we found that it was very typical Paris - small.... very small. My partner and I barely had room to walk around the bed, and found that the bathroom, which was equally as small - had some water spillage issues when it came to showering. There was a man working there, who we found at times to be a little on the rude side - perhaps he had a lot on the go, but his working partner was lovely. The hotel was a very unique experience though, the location was superb! We really loved its centrality and it was lovely when the woman was working , as she was very helpful in finding things and giving us help. I would recommend - if you can afford it - try to upgrade your room, as the ones on the lower floors of course, are much smaller - dark and exposed to noise from the street. Overall - it was a unique first experience, and we really enjoyed ourselves in Paris. Just be aware of the likelihood of classic rooms being quite tiny :)
65. I am giving this hotel a 4 star because I really loved the location and the staff were very polite and friendly. However, we had a courtyard room and, as other reviewers mentioned, the courtyard rooms are not very nice at all. In fact, there is no courtyard. What they call a courtyard is an air-shaft with a tiny fake garden and a light. The room was extremely small (I live in New York and it was still small for me!) and the shower was quite strange and hard to use. That being said, we absolutely loved the location with all the wonderful shops and restaurants nearby (the cafe across the road has the best coffee!) and being so close to the Seine is very romantic. We would stay there again but not if we have a courtyard room. Bottomline: Don't stay here if they offer you a courtyard room. You can find much better places elsewhere.
66. My husband and I stayed at this oh so French little boutique hotel while honeymooning in Paris. The staff was charming, the location was great. Walking distance to Louvre, shopping, river, Notre Dame, great restaurants, Hotel de Ville and so much more. The Marais district is wonderful. If it's your first time to Paris (or Europe for that matter) be warned, it's even smaller than it looks in the pictures. However, we had a great view of the city and a wonderful stay. Best part: Caron has GREAT croissants and breakfast which they will deliver to your room each morning. We took advantage of this daily. Worst Part: They didn't really get that we were honeymooning, and the staff/owner would call about every hour or so starting at 10 am to see when we were leaving so they could clean the room. Wha? Kind of annoying and probably not so 'hospitable'.
67. The hotel is in a great location with lots to do in the area and a short walk to the metro. the rooms are small but they are nice and clean. we a nice balcony that over looked the street, we were near the top so it was not too loud. The biggest downside of the hotel is the shower for some reason none of them have shower curtains. When you shower the entire bathroom gets soaked with water. the staff are very friendly and helpful all speak English and French and are helpful with dinner reservations.
68. Charming hotel at the edge of the Marais (between Hotel Ville and Saint Paul) and a few blocks from Rue de Rossier and the best falafel in the world! Close to Rue Rivoli yet quiet. Very tight room (smaller on courtyard side) but had everything we needed. Staff was very accommodating. Free internet but breakfast not included. Who needs breakfast with boulangeries and great coffee all over Paris! Highly recommend.
69. My wife and I spent our honeymoon here and we couldn't have asked for anything better! It was our fisrt time to Europe, with not much experience traveling overseas at all so we were a bit nervous as to what to expect. But when we got there, we were greeted very kindly by the staff who helped bring our suitcases upstairs. Might I add that all the staff were able to speak English pretty well which was a plus! The room was small, but very quaint. The sunlight flowing through the room was perfect and brought a special touch to the quaint room. The furnishings were antiques, which was charming and the balcony was the best. We were on the top floor and could see all the roof tops surrounding the area including a couple cathedrals. The breakfasts were actually filling... because they were all breads and pastries! Around the area you can get lost in the streets but its fun... and there's a lot of other cafes around to eat and mingle in. The other good part is that your only about a 5 minute walk from the subway which can take you all around the city at ease. The staff was "extremely" helpful in setting up private tours for us, getting us prime tickets to some of the local shows! Also to note is a hotel perk that they may suggest when you're off to dinner. They have deals with certain restaurants and you get a reasonable discount vouture. Really, this was a wonderful and very relaxing place to stay! I'd go back...
70. I absolutely loved this place. The location is great for sightseeing, but without being too touristy. It is adorable and serves a fantastic breakfast with pastries from the local patisserie down the street. For Paris and the quality the price is fantastic. I would definitely stay here again when in Paris.
71. Very Romantic Hotel in a great location, decorated with antiques, the rooms have exposed beams and you really feel like you are in Paris. We had a street facing room which allowed us to eat breakfast on the balcony and soak up the street scene below, but the windows were thick enough to keep the noise out at night. But what really seperates the hotel from the rest is the service and attention to detail the the hotel provides, the hotel might be a little on the expensive side for the star rating but it is worth it. Only minus is It is a little difficult to get to from the metro if you have much luggage and plan on taking the metro you might want to choose a hotel closer to a RER station.
72. We loved this hotel! It is charming, funky, spotless, cool, and the coffee was fabulous. The location is perfect. And, the staff are really the best. They helped us with dinner reservations, gave us directions, and were friendly but not intrusive. Alain's son, the concierge during the week, was shocked when I told him that other hotels charge for wireless internet. He said, "But this is a service, I offer it to my guests." That was typical of their attitude. The rooms are tiny, but that seems to be the price one pays for staying in the Marais, which is well worth it becuase you are so well-located. A great place overall!
73. We just stayed at the hotel for one night. The staff was very helpful and spoke good English. The rooms were quite small but basically a standard size for Paris. The location was the main draw card for us as it is right in the middle of The Marais district. Easy walk to the area's many shops, the place des Vosges, Town Hall and even Notre Dame. Would stay again.
74. This was our first trip to Paris and we were very favorably impressed with Caron de Beaumarchais. The staff is very nice and helpful, the rooms are extremely clean and the location is very convenient. The room was small (which I understand is completely typical) but it was decorated very nicely with lovely fabrics, sound-proof windows, and a great little terrace with a table and chairs. Bathroom had a tub, mini bar, shower with plentiful hot water and nice marble countertop. We paid 152 euros per night for 8 nights and successfully completed the entire transaction online. They were very responsive especially through email. As an example of the staff's attention to detail, we received a message from a friend staying at another hotel and the receptionist was kind enough to attach a map showing where our friend was staying. Please keep in mind that the hotel is right around the corner from Rue de Rivoli which is a major thoroughfare, so it is not completely quiet. We didn't have much trouble with noise as long as we kept the soundproof windows closed at night. I would definitely stay here again.
75. Perfect location in the heart of Paris. The staff was bilingual and very, very helpful. Easy walk to the metro and lots of places to eat near by. Several grocery stores for a snack or wine were around the corner. Beautiful rooms, very comfortable beds and good space for Paris standards. We are planning our next trip before we even check out. Pay for a front room with a small terrace, it is tiny but totally worth it! Wonderful!
76. Lovely boutique hotel in Marais between Hotel de Ville & St Paul. All staff very helpful & fluent in English. Although the room was quite small (usual for Paris) it was very beautifully & tastefully decorated with antique furniture, exposed ceiling beams, fresh flowers in room & small balcony. Breakfast was plentiful although we didn't have it every day in the hotel as there were many boulangeries etc nearby. We were two women travelling together to celebrate our 60th birthdays & were very happy that we chose Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais for the real Parisian experience.
77. My wife and I recently stayed at the beautiful Caron de Beaumarchais in celebration of our tenth year wedding anniversary. We couldn't have asked for a more quaint, romantic and better located hotel. Room 21, with its cute little balcony overlooking the street, was everything we expected and more. The room was small but beautifully decorated and had everything we needed. The continental breakfast we had delivered to our room was phenomenal. The entire hotel staff was both courteous and extremely helpful. If we're ever in Paris again we will definitely return to this little jewel in the Marais.
78. We were in Paris to celebrate my daughter and son in law's wedding at the American Church. Several of our party stayed at Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais. What a lovely and charming place to stay. Friendly and helpful staff made our short stay very pleasant. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay that takes you back in time.
79. We had read about Hotel Caron and have had 4 days there. Nice staff. Very small rooms but of course its Paris. We had a front room on the first floor. Probably next time we would book one with a balcony. The greatest foyer like an interior designers studio. Tiny bathroom with little ventilation. Nice decor, air conditioned. The location in the Marais and proximity to everything was fantastic. Would reccomend.
80. I had been wanting to stay at Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais for several years now, but every time I had tried to reserve a room in the past, it was full. This time I was ecstatic when I was able to book a room for one night in March. I corresponded directly with the hotel, and even requested a room with a balcony, as I understood from the reviews here that the view was excellent. When we arrived, we were given a front room on the top floor with a balcony. I knew that the top floor rooms were smaller than the rest, but I was astounded at exactly how small it was. The room was miniscule, even by Parisian standards, and very sparsely decorated, although the exposed beams were lovely. The bathroom was clean but also very small. The balcony was good-sized, but the view was unimpressive (I used to live in Paris in an attic studio with a much better view). However, the reception was friendly if a bit matter-of-fact, and the rest of the hotel (lobby, breakfast room, etc) was charming. Overall, I thought 162 EUR was simply too expensive for the room we stayed in, and after reading the previous review and finding out that the reviewer was only charged 142 EUR for the same room, I'm very disappointed. I may stay here again, as the Marais is my favorite district in Paris, but if I do I'll ask for a larger front room.
81. My husband and I spent six nights at the hotel in late June and had a terrific stay. Our first room, on the top floor was very small (even by European standards) but had a sweet balcony. Since we were staying six nights, we asked the hotel to try to change our room to a slightly larger one and they juggled reservations and moved us down two floors to a bigger room (again by European standards) without balcony, which we found more comfortably. The location could not be better, just off the Rue du Rivoli in the happening Marais. We used the municipal bike system to get around everywhere this visit and there was a bike stand just up the block. All the hotel staff spoke English and were very helpful with reservations. The breakfast is the best deal in Paris - served until 12:00 PM for 12 Euro, one breakfast fed us both with leftovers, and an extra pot of coffee, 3 Euro, came with the Herald Tribune.
82. Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais is the most adorable hotel there ever was. From the minute you walk into their modest, cozy, and magnificently decorated lobby; you feel as though you have been transported to a time when Marie Antoinette still had her head. The fabric-covered walls, the old instruments, the quant little love seats, and the beautiful fire place; all make you feel as though you are sitting in a piece of Versailles. As for our room, it was wonderful! My mother and I stayed in a room in the front which had a window over looking the street. It was so lovely with the window box full of blooming pink flowers. The room had rustic wood beams on the ceiling, a crystal chandelier, and even a little writing desk with a small vase of flowers, and an ink jar, with a quill. The bathroom was pristine, white, and the towels all had the insignia from the hotel on them. I really enjoyed however, having breakfast in the hotel’s downstairs. The breakfast room was full of romantic portraits, crystal chandeliers, flickering sconces, and old books that would make the finest historian blush. The tables are covered with lacy linens, and the plates have the hotel’s insignia on them as well. I loved the service, and the breakfast was by far one of the best I had in France. The desk was ever so helpful, even the man who owned the hotel. I could not get over how he decorated such a beautiful place. When my mother, and I discussed how much we loved antiquing; he sent us down the street to an antique market. I would love to come back next time I am in Paris!
83. My wife and I spent five nights at the Caron during our summer holiday. We very much enjoyed our time there and would return. First off, by American standards, the rooms are tiny. However, by Parisian standards, they are normal sized...considering the price. We had a lovely little room facing the courtyard meaning it was very quiet. Because of abnormally warm temperatures, the air conditioning in the room was true luxury. So many 3-star hotels in the area do not have A/C. As spoiled Americans, we like our rooms pretty cold and this was accomplished at the Caron. The staff at the hotel were simply wonderful. They were very helpful and attentive to all requests. They provided excellent restaurant suggestions, were very adept and helping us navigate the Metro system, and even assisted us with using their complimentary wireless internet when my laptop was not cooperating. Our room was always immaculately cleaned and the maids left plenty of towels for us as well. American travelers, another warning: many of the bathrooms have tub/showers without shower curtains. We were worried about soaking the bathroom by using the shower without a curtain and were told, "no worries." Took a little getting used to, but end of the day, it was, indeed, all good. While the staff at the Caron is wonderful and the rooms lovely, the best part of the hotel is its location. The Caron is located near several Metro stops and is within easy walking distance of so many sites. We loved be so close to everything. We also loved the "vibes" of the neighborhood and walking the streets of the Marais. Also enjoyed the farmer's market which set up on Saturdays and Wednesday's just across the square from the Hotel. Are the better hotels in Paris? No doubt, yes. However, if you want to stay in the Marais and have a staff treat you as a special guess, there are few better places than the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais.
84. My wife and I enjoyed our recent 4 night stay at Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais. (This was our first trip to Paris). The hotel itself has a casual, comfortable atmosphere. The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and staff extremely frieindly. The rooms are typically Euro-small but the bathrooms were larger than expected. I booked this reservation by simply communicating directly with the hotel by e-mail in english. The process was easy and they promptly replied to all inquiries. We requested (at time of booking) and a "front side" room, which looks out over the street. They have less-expensive rooms on the back side but they get less sunlight and don't offer much of a view. Our assigned room was on the 3rd floor and gave us a nice street view from the large windows which open wide. We were not able to obtain a 5th floor balcony room, although requested. (I got the vague impression that these sought-after rooms may be reserved for returning customers). The location of this hotel was absolutely perfect. We loved the Marais district ,and the hotel is a short walk to the Seine and Cathedral Notre Dame. There are many cafes, bakeries, and restaurants in the immediate area. Metro and RER stations are not far. The Marais is a lively area at night with pedestrian activity. We felt very safe. The hotel's Rue Veille du Temple is a charming one-way street but is definitely not a "quiet side street". One negative aspect to our stay was the street noise late at night which we could hear from our hotel room ---- frequent buzzing of motorbikes, the familiar french police siren passing by on the nearby Rue du Rivoli ( a main thoroughfare), and on the weekend occasional yelling from young partiers as they walked down the sidewalk. But I guess that's to be expected when staying in such a location On our next trip to Paris, we would definitely consider staying again at this charming boutique hotel. But perhaps push for a higher room on the 4th or 5th floor.
85. I would echo fully the sentiments expressed in the review from Mensa Traveller (April 2007). My wife and I have just returned from our first visit to Paris celebrating our 44th Wedding Anniversary (Honeymoon!!). Please God we will return to this hotel again to further explore Paris. A front room is ESSENTIAL.The breakfast room is a treasure. A two or three day pass on the Batobus boat is worthwhile. You can hop on and off and you can access most of the sites from the river and it does not have the language problems that the Metro has. Our experience of Parisiens was of friendliness and courtesy. Our best wishes to Neil and Sharon (a real honeymoon couple from Toronto) with whom we shared breakfast and some laughs. Pat & Rita Conneely, Dublin, Ireland. May 2007
86. We had the opportunity to stay at this charming hotel for four nights in April. The location of the hotel is very good in the middle of Marais. The hotel itself is amazingly cute and the staff was very nice to us. The gentleman who met us at check in was very nice suggesting some good walks around the area and some good trips around the must-sees in Paris. Our room facing the street had a small balcony which we unfortunately could not use since the weather was not the best. But if possible, a breakfast at the balcony must for sure be a nice way to start the day. The room was very cute with lots of charming details and although the interior was neither modern nor up to date it fitted the old property perfect and altogether the atmosphere was fantastic. The only draw back was that for us to tall Scandinavians the bed was to small with our feet hangning out and the bathroom required some acrobatic moves. The room in all was very small, but on the other hand you don't spend too much time in the room when you have all of Marais just out the door. There was free wifi which worked pretty good. I loved the area, with lots of nice bistro and bars as well as many small and interesting little shops. There was of course lots of tourists but still the whole area felt less touristy than for example the area around seventh or eight arrondisement. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone. The hotel, room and service was excellent and the interior absolutely marvellous. The area was beautiful and we spent most of our vacation just browsing through the neighbourhood.
87. We stayed here on the recommendation of a friend. First, the positives. The location is terrific. It's very close to two Metro stops and within walking distance of the Louvre and Notre Dame. There are also a lot of very good cafes and bistros in the neighborhood. The hotel was clean and well maintained. The mini fridge was great to store our fruits, cheese and vegetables for our "picnic" lunches. The service was impeccable and very friendly. The morning breakfasts are worth the 12 Euros consisting of a variey of breads and croissants, excellent coffee, kiwi fruit, natural yogurt and a boiled egg. Overall, I think you get good value for the money. Now the negatives. Our room was quite small and so was the double bed. The bathroom had a handheld shower, but no shower curtain. So, we had to have a bath, then rinse off sitting in the tub using the handheld shower. We live in New York, so we're used to a certain amount of street noise. People who live in quieter environments might want a room off the street. Overall, I'd say the hotel was worth the 152 Euros per night, but next time we go to Paris, we'll ask about the size of the beds!
88. Our party of 4 - a couple and 2 older ladies stayed here in September. The hotel is charming, located near Rue de Rivoli in the Marais. Shops, restaurants and bars on every street. Lots of life and fun. The rooms are tiny but very sweet and truly soundproofed - close the windows and you never hear street noise - or other guests except for occasional hallway sounds. The balcony overlooking Vielle du Temple was also tiny but useable (though difficult for the older ladies). The mini bar with every item priced at 3E was handy and international calls from the room phone were very reasonable. We found the staff helpful and friendly. We split a single 12E breakfast between us at the staff's suggestion & it was plenty. It is a huge breakfast for one person. This lovely inn is a GREAT choice for a couple or friends & a great location that's close to lots of sites - the Seine, Notre Dame, the Louvre, Centre Pompidou, the Picasso Musee, Place de Vosges etc. as well as buses, taxis (hint: carry a hotel business card with you for the taxi driver). The lift was larger than others I'd seen at Paris hotels - room for 2 people plus luggage (though not much more). We loved it.
89. We spent two weeks here in December 2011. The staff was always helpful. They gave us directions on many occasions, made réservations for us for dinners, and made shuttle arrangements for us to thé airport. Samira, who brought us breakfast every morning, was a delight, even on Christmas morning when I'm sure she would have préfèrred to be home. The hôtel is in a fabulous location, within true walking distance of Centre George Pompidou, Notre Dame and thé Picasso Museum (although it is closed for rénovation). Although the hôtel very close to two métro stops, it is on bus line 69, which goes to the Louvre, Musee D',Orsee, Eiffle Tower, Musee Rodin, Rue Cler and Hôtel de ville. I can't say enough good things about this hôtel. But it is only as good as the people who work there and they are all tops.
90. We stayed at the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais for two nights. Since it was our mini-moon after having just got married, expectations were high and they were amply met. The location is unbeatable; the Seine, Louvre, Pompidou, Ille de St Louis, Musee d'Orsay, Bastille etc are all an easily walkable distance and there is also the achingly pretty environs in which the hotel is immediately situated, Le Marais. As others have said, the staff are fantastic. They speak very good English but also encourage your burgeoning French too if you have a go! They helped us with lots of things like fighting for a taxi to take us to Gare du Nord (the staff member rolled up her sleeves and fought through Paris rush hour to flag one for us! - about approx €12 to Gare du Nord), reconfirming our restaurant booking and posting letters home. A big hit in our room was the breakfast in bed. €13 for a tray containing fresh pastries and french bread, hot chocolate, yoghurt, a soft boiled egg, homemade jams, cheese, fresh orange and a kiwi. All served with a copy of the Herald Tribune. Perfect. My partner and I enjoyed lounging around in the Hotel's bath robes and writing letters on the pretty stationery provided. The room was very charmingly decorated with period furniture and detail. To make for a balanced review, I will say that we were initially disappointed that the room was smaller than expected and the bed was two singles pushed together and that we didn't have a balcony but that quickly wore off because everything was so pleasant and the beds are very comfortable. The room had the gorgeous French windows that maintained that authentic Parisian experience, even without the balcony. We'd definitely return to the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais, though I think we'd struggle because the phone was ringing nearly off the hook with bookings when we sat in reception! Do not hesitate to book this place. I would recommend it very highly indeed.
91. This was my second return to this hotel and i'm sure I will return again for my next trip to Paris! It is in an amazing location, right in the heart of the Marais and close to the river, perfect for exploring Paris from. The hotel is charming and beautiful, rooms are pretty with wonderful fabric walls, furnishings, comfy beds and white clean bathrooms. The rooms are fairly small however a good size for Paris. We had a room at the front of the hotel with a balcony. The balcony was a nice addition as we could sit outside and watch Paris life go by below. However it was noisy at night time, especially compared to the room we had last year at the back of the hotel overlooking the courtyard. Bring some ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. The breakfast is lovely and very large - one to share between 2 of us was ample! The staff are so friendly and helpful! This place is a real gem and a joy to stay in!
92. The hotel is situated just off the Rue de Rivoli in the Marais district. It is a perfect spot for exploring the local area and very close to several Metro stations. There are loads of restaurants and bars within easy reach. The hotel is wonderfully quirky - the decor transports you back in time to the 18th century and is certainly rather different from the usual bland, modern hotels. Room was small (expected in Paris) but was clean and extremely quiet - no traffic or street noise at all. Reception was very friendly and helpful with some good ideas for evening meals. We didn't try the breakfast - at 13 euros a bit pricey - but there is plenty of choice in the nearby cafes. It's not the cheapest but you're paying for something a bit different in a brilliant location. Would heartily recommend.
93. What your other reviewers seem to have missed is that this hotel is one of the most highly recommended hotels for the gay community. That is why it is so comfortable. Just as the Marais is the gay heart of Paris, so Le Caron is its most popular hotel.
94. I have been to Paris many times. I have stayed in many 3-star hotels. All were perfectly fine. However, Caron de Beaumarchais was the best Paris hotel experience I have ever had... and this was due almost entirely to the amazing service of the hotel reception staff. All of them (and especially Genvieve and Etienne) went out of their ways to help us. Sometimes we just needed directions or for our restaurant reservation to be confirmed. Othertimes, when my phone was lifted by street kids, they allowed - at no additional charge to us - phone calls back to the States to get everything squared away. The hotel is quite charming, the decor is classic French... everything is elegant and tasteful. The room we stayed in was the tiniest room I have ever stayed in. And, truth be told, at the beginning of our trip, we were a little concerned about the room size (even though I am quite familiar with small Paris hotel rooms), but by the end of the stay, we were never more grateful to have chosen this hotel. The rooms are comfortable, well cared for, quiet, and the beds are comfortable. But the NUMBER ONE REASON to stay at this hotel is the service (especially if Genvieve and Ettiene are still working there). I get the feeling that the management/owners of this hotel feel that customer service is priority one, so probably all future staff will also have similar attitudes about helping their clients. Highly-recommend.
95. I have just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in april, it was just what I expected. Absolutely perfect location just off the rue de rivoli. So many restaurants/bars/sites close to the hotel. The rooms are small but I have been told this is how Paris hotels are. We chose not to have breakfast here as it seemed quite expensive and you could walk to a local cafe for a coffee and crossiant quite easily. Overall it was a lovely stay, it is quite expensive but wouldnt have been so bad if the euro was better!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone especially for a romantic trip.
96. My partner and I stayed here during October 2010 for 7 nights in a courtyard room. We loved it - much has already been said about the place but it's a great location and even though the rooms are small (where isnt in Paris? ), we found the place very comforting and a great base for sightseeing.
97. We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Caron de Beaumarchais. The staff was extremely helpful, giving us great advice on restaurants and arranging a van to take both of us to the airport for 20 Euros. The neighborhood the hotel is in is quintessential Paris. It is an easy walk to the Hotel Deville metro station. The little elevator might be hard to handle if you are claustrophobic and the rooms are small, but wasn't a problem for us. Would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends.
98. The hotel is nicely positioned in le merais and close to metro. The reception staff are very helpful and booked us a lovely restaurant for Christmas dinner. Also ask for shuttle transfer to the airport for only $20 for 2 people! Extremely cheap and reliable. The room is small but the norm for French hotels. Free in-room wifi included. The bed only came with a sheet and an old blanket for winter temperature so we had to rug up to sleep. The bathroom has the basic fit out but the lack of a shower curtain meant the bathroom was quite wet after the shower. Overall, nice stay but room for improvement.
99. Stayed 6 nights in a front facing room with a balcony on the 5th floor. At the time of booking it seemed very expensive but when we got there we could see why. The room was small but perfect, with beautiful French period decor and antique furniture. The bathroom was clean and modern. The balcony was tiny but the views towards Notre Dame were amazing. Staff could not have been more pleasant and spoke perfect English, but were also happy to let me practice my rusty French! Location couldn't be better - near all the main sights, metro and train stations, in the heart of the Marais meaning we never had to go far for dinner or drinks. The area was always buzzing but noise was never a problem. Only downside is the price but it's worth it to be so central. Highly recommended.
100. Stayed here with friends for two nights in September and loved it. The staff is especially friendly here - helping with directions, recommendations and making reservations at restaurants. Everyone working the front desk speaks perfect English, so for those with limited French skills, this is very helpful. I stayed in a courtyard room and (contrary to some other people's experiences, I guess) very much enjoyed it. Although the room is tiny and the view is not much to speak of, the room and bathroom were immaculate with a few old world charms (exposed beams in the ceiling, gaslight lighting fixture) and modern conveniences (flat screen television). I especially loved the little touches in this hotel like the cotton robes, the bath mitt, and the fabric padded walls. One drawback that other reviewers have mentioned before is that there is no shower curtain for the tub, so you probably can't take a shower standing up without getting the bathroom completely drenched. However, if you take a shower sitting in the tub, it is completely fine - just takes some getting used to. For the good price, location, and services you get with this hotel, I think it's a small price to pay to learn to shower a slightly different way.
