1. The Hotel Navona is situated in perfect location to take advantage of Rome's beautiful sights. We were able to walk to just about every historic site and museum within 20 minutes. There are boundless cafe's and osteria's within minutes of the hotel. A main bus line is a two block walk. The plaza Navona, with a fabulous fountain is a 1-2 minute walk from the hotel where you can find numerous restarurants, cafe's, artists and beautiful fountains and evening entertainment. The plaza Farnese is 4 - 5 minute walk with a Wednesday farmers market that is fantistic. The Pantheon is just a 3-4 minute walk from the hotel where more cafe's, restaurants and entertainment await. My wife and I had never been to Rome, but we have traveled extensively over the years. We enjoy places that we can meet people and learn a bit more of the culture and history of places we visit. The owner of the Navona, Cory and his GM Michael were GREAT at providing us tips and insights within Rome. I love the fact that I saw the owner at the hotel every day talking with guests, staff and friends and doing all he could to make his customers feel a part of the city and the Hotel. We stayed at the Novona for 6 nights and we would stay there again. I feel that the price, services, location and assistance provided by the hotel staff met and exceeded our expectations. WE LOVE ROME!
2. We stayed at the Navona on the first week of our honeymoon (feb 27th to march 2nd). It was VERY clean, perfectly situated (within walking distance of most sites) AND the staff was SO FRIENDLY. We loved our stay there. I'd highly recommend it, even though the morning coffee is instant (which should be a crime in Italy!)
3. If you're familiar with European two-stars, you'll know what to expect here. The rooms and hotel were clean and comfortable, and breakfast was tasty. I thought the hotel was hard to find (and I never did quite figure out the surrounding streets) but the general location was good. The Piazza Navona is touristy but great fun. The beds were very small, and I think a large person would have difficulty with them. And it is indeed very noisy - I finally wore earplugs to block out the street noise.
4. This is not the fanciest hotel, but it was quite sufficient for our needs. A nice continental breakfast was included in the price and our room was clean and quiet. The main reason why you would stay here is the location. It's about a two minute walk away from both Piazza Navona and the Pantheon. The Vatican is about 20 minutes away, and the Spanish Steps and Fontana di Trevi are even closer. If you stay here, you can walk anywhere to see the main sights of Rome (unless you also want to see the catacombs, which I recommend...) There are plenty of good and inexpensive restaurants (around Piazza Navona you'll find the good and expensive ones) close to the hotel. If you are staying in Rome for a shorter period of time, you don't want to waste time on unnecessary transportation. Hence, Hotel Navona is a perfect choice for a long weekend in Rome.
5. Three of us stayed at the Hotel Navona and shared a room. It had two twins pushed together and a separate cot-like bed. We all found the room to be more than large enough and very comfortable. I slept on the cot-like bed and slept very well. Shower worked well. Our room was on a courtyard with a large, heavy oak door. You cannot beat the atmosphere and location. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Location, Location, Location!
6. I just returned from a one week stay at the Hotel Navona in Rome, where I thoroughly enjoyed what I believe was a true Roman experience. The LOCATION of this place is absolutely ideal, as it is within a few steps of Piazza San Eustaccio, where one can find the best coffee in the City; a few steps from the bus stop which delivers you from Termini Station; a few steps from the Piazza Navona, Romes greatest public space; a few steps from the Pantheon, Rome's oldest fully-intact temple to the gods. This is right where I wanted to be. As far as the negative reviews which complain about the size of the rooms being small, this is certainly true, but this is a small hotel in a very cool building several hundred years old, in an area of PRIME real estate. That character was what I was looking for. And the rooms were absolutely spotless. None of the other hotels where I would even consider staying in this excellent neighborhood (the rafael, albergo delsenato) are in this price range. And the staff were among the friendliest people I met in Rome. I will indeed be going back.
7. My husband and I spend 5 nights at Hotel Navona. What a great place! Our room was fabulous, spacious, clean, private. All the staff were very helpful and friendly. The location couldn't have been better, close to all Rome has to offer. Breakfast was ok, not exceptional, but suited us just fine. Room didn't have a phone and there was no access to the internet, but when you're on holiday...who needs it! Would stay there again in a heartbeat.
8. Hotel Navona has an excellent location and the price we paid (90 Euro per night for 6 nights) was excellent. On arrival the lady owner, we assume, asked us to pay cash and not by card as it was supposedly a special late booking offer! This was never mentioned 6 weeks before when we booked through an online agency! I refused and paid by card. Why would anyone be asked to pay by cash unless.......... Room was a bit dated but good character although a bit dusty. I'm not a big breakfast person and not a coffee aficionado but the coffee served was appalling and the diluted orange awful. The bread was nice though. As our stay coincided with the big Roma football (soccer) derby game I asked what the chances were of them obtaining tickets for us as you cannot purchase them online. I was told their local agent would obtain them for us. But alas this did not materialise and fortunately it proved quite easy to obtain them by ourselves as it was less than half full. For a base close to all the sights of beautiful Rome at an affordable price this hotel ticks all the boxes but don't expect anything more. There's plenty of great coffee shops, bars and restaurants nearby. Even though we have more negative than positive (hopefully constructive) criticism I would stay at this hotel again for the location and cost but skip brekkie and ignore the "lack of" service.
9. As other have testified the location is superb, but the hotel is well worth staying at for other reasons too. Newly decorated rooms in a very pretty historical building. We got our room through a Groupon offer and it was very good value. But what impressed us most was the fantastic service provided by the staff. Extremely attentive and friendly! And when we didn't know how to get to Roma Termini to catch the train to the airport, because Rome had had the first snowfall and ice in 30 years and no taxis were available, one of the staff offered to takes us there in his car and then promptly refused to accept any payment for this. We will certainly return to Hotel Navona. Thanks Michele and the rest of the staff!
10. I stayed at Hotel Navona for a week at the begining of September. It was clean and air conditioned. My room was very comfortable and I found the staff helpful. The location of the hotel was superb. Honestly, I cannot fault the hotel. The next time I visit Rome I will definately stay here.
11. First of all, I believe there is no better location in Rome. At Hotel Navona, you are right at the center, yet tucked away on a quiet street, taken care of by a warm, caring family. The rooms are clean, quiet, quaint, and comfortable. I remember a delicious dinner at Campo dei Fiori, followed by romantic digestivi at bar della pace, then being warmly welcomed back at the hotel, handed the key, then off to a super comfy bed... No wonder we're going back again this April! I've been going to Hotel Navona since 1985 (but that's another story...), I've recommended it to many friends, and they've all been very pleased to have stayed there.
12. We arrived at Hotel Navona and met the owner one evening, just before he was ready to leave for the day. The owner was very helpful in a difficult situation. He was willing to go out of his way to accomodate us. We thank him for being so friendly and kind on our first night in Rome! Cheers, mate!
13. We stayed at the Hotel Navona for 3 nights in November. Loved the location and loved the price! The room was small, but certainly adequate as was the service and the breakfast. We wanted to be near the Piazza Navona and this served our purposes. The hotel is convenient to all the sites. Actually we have just made reservations to stay there again next spring. The only down side would be the flight of stairs from the street to the hotel on the 1st floor, however, I just stayed with our luggage while my husband went up and ask that someone come down for all our bags. Breakfast is very basic and served in a room with tables lined up on either side of the room. As someone mentioned in one of the other reviews, if you're use to the Hilton and don't feel you can adjust, you probably should look elsewhere. Barbara89/ addedoomph@northstate.net
14. Our family stayed in two rooms that were clean and well-lighted. We both had a "courtyard" view but were happy since a clothesline was easily available. The staff was friendly and we enjoyed our continental breakfast very much. When we needed directions, or help, the staff assisted with a smile. A bonus was the fresh flowers at the front desk. To walk to Piazza Navona (and the lovely Bernini fountains) took us a mere two minutes. For a large city like Rome, to be in such a good location with a clean and serviceable room, Hotel Navona is the ticket. Bonus: the bottom floor has an ancient fountain and the whole place is built atop an ancient site. Get Cory to explain the hotel history. Many English speaking staff are available to assist.
15. Just returned from a stay at theHotel Navona...or should I say an apartment they owned on the Vittiore Emanuelle....a 10 minute walk away. The apartment was booked back in January by an Italian speaking friend, and a price was agreed .Hoever when we arrived there was some dispute over the agreed price and the elderly owner didnt care if we stayed or not. He demanded 20 euros a night more and cash up front.Unable to resolve the issues,wWe proceeded to the apartment...very spacious but very basic.The sheets were darned and had holes in them!! The kitchen had an odd array of chipped crockery and two saucepans that I refused to use as they were so disgusting.The management did agree to change the sheets but as for the kitchen we were told was to be used" only in emergencies" and we could go to the hotel for brakfast .....We went to breakfast twice and decided to buy elsewhere as it really wasnt worth the 10 minute walk each morning. At the end of our stay we paid the original agreed fee as we dealt with Cory who remembered the original conversation back in Jan and was very kind and helpful...it was such a pity that the older man and the sour faced woman werent as obliging. Dont think I would make a return to the Navona Interesting to see no one else who has left comments seems to have stayed in the apartment!! !
16. This was our first trip to Italy and we booked Hotel Navona because of Foder's recommendation. After booking the hotel, I read all the reviews and was very worried about going. We were so pleasantly surprised. It's like a cozy bed and breakfast in a perfect location. We walked everywhere and felt totally safe where the hotel is located. Piazza Navona is a perfect location and the hotel is one block from the Piazza. Our room was exactly like the photo online and it was clean and quiet. The pillows left something to be desired, but the bed was comfortable. The bath was clean and the shower had wonderful hot water. We would recommend bringing your own washcloths and soap because the soap was very tiny and there were great towels, but no washcloths. Breakfast was our biggest surprize. After reading the reviews from some, we thought it would be bad. We had wonderful cappuchino each morning and a pot of tea, orange juice, yogurt and the best fresh baked rolls with butter and jelly. There were also packaged cakes if you needed more. Breakfast was lovely and the staff remembered our choice of drink each day. All in all it was great and we would definitely stay there again. We didn't expect a large hotel and very much like the quaint atmosphere. The staff was helpful and pleasant also.
17. After reading some previous reviews I was expecting a bare bones room, but I was pleasantly surprised. The room was nicely decorated, we were at the end of a hall so very quiet too. Great location, we walked everywhere, one day to the Forum, another to the Vatican. You can't beat this location, and for the room rates in Rome, I thought this was a pretty good deal.
18. I recently stayed 4 days here with 17 boys and 13 parents. The hotel staff put up with a lot. They were pleasant, always there to help, and got up a 1/2 hour early every day to serve us breakfast. Our last night we left @ 3am.. Our bags were carried to the curb (all of them). Mike had a gift for everyone. While this is not a luxury hotel, it was pleasant , close to everything, clean and the showers worked fine. The Piazza Eustachio is right around the corner (best Cappuccino in Rome). All the locals go here. You are close to the Pantheon, Piazza Navona. Incidentally, The Piazza Navona is named after this hotel (or family). Mike will set you straight on this. Enjoy your stay in Rome. I did..
19. We recently stayed at the hotel Navona located just off of the Piazza Navona wich was the perfect location to walk to so many of the famous sights in Rome.The most friendly staff welcomed us and were very helpful with all of the questions we had. The room was very spacious and immaculate with windows that opened to the street below with flowerboxes framing them all. The charm and old world feeling we felt was something that truely added to to our Rome experience!!!! !
20. Premise: I work for an airline and have traveled a lot and stayed in all classes of hotels. This hotel is located just off of via renascimento, 1 small block from Piazza Navona and 1 block from Via Vittorio Emmanuelle. The location is excellent. Walking distance to EVERYTHING: pantheon, trevi, spanish steps, colloseum, jewish quarter, campo di fiori, etc, etc. For that alone this is a great choice. However, the hotel is 1 step up from a pensione... it is located on the 2nd floor of an apartment building with no elevator. The room was sufficient and we had our own bathroom. The water strenth was excellent. There was a little tv with basic cable, so CNN and Italian channels. We had room number 19. There were cobwebs on the tops of the curtains. There were also some funky birds that habitated on the roof of the building and they sounded like a pack of dogs...I think they were shape changers =) they were very loud and scary at night! The breakfast was nothing to write home about. American coffee and some danish in plastic. But it was sufficient. Especially since there were no real coffee bars near enough to enjoy..so it did the trick. For the price, the location makes this a good choice. I love to be near campo di fiori...such a great ambience both during the day with the markets and at night with the restaurants and bars. In my travels I got to see Hotel Raphael and Hotel Campo di Fiori. Both of which are in EXCELLENT locations and look really nice. In retrospect I wish that we had stayed in one of those 2. Enjoy!
21. We booked this hotel for a family of 9 hoping that it would live up to previous positive comments on tripadvisor. It more than lived up to them, the location is ideally located 2minutes walk from piazza navona, 5 mins from the pantheon and 10mins from the spanish steps. The staff were very friendly and welcoming (in particular Michele), they gave us great recommendations for restaurants and places to see. Excellent value for money.
22. The Hotel Navona was a pleasant spot which we enjoyed. At a great price on a very cute street, we spent three nights there. The staff were very friendly and breakfast was included. I would definitely recommend it to travelers to Rome looking for a nice, but not luxury spot. We would stay there again. The bathroom was small, but so are most bathrooms in Italy. The room was comfortable and not noisy.
23. We have been staying at this hotel for two decades, and have marveled at the numerous improvements that the family owners have made across the board. Rooms have been thoughtfully and tastefully renovated, the breakfasts have improved in quantity and quality (ok, their coffee isn't great, but you have the finest caffe in Rome just around the corner in the Piazza San Eustachio), and the staff are kind and knowledgeable. Treat them with courtesy and respect, and you'll be treated similarly. We like the fact that this hotel is large enough to accommodate individual and groups in different wings of its large Borromini palace, and keeps noise down to a minimum by insisting that guests be considerate. If only they could regulate the occasional street revelers outside! - but that's the cost of a central location, I guess. Perhaps their next improvement to the rooms will be better double glazing? For now, the rooms have flat screen TVs, individual a/c units and safes, and en suite bathrooms.
24. Once you recover from the front desk being on the first floor and having to drag your bags up yourself our room was lovely. Out of some antique picture book and much larger than we expected. it was in the corner of the building was great as it was resonably hot and air conditioning didn't work. Problem was floor was filthy and we needed to were socks. Also our fridge was broken so we couldn't even put water in to cool. Location wise hotel is within walking distance to all of Romes sites. Easy walk to Vatican, Coluseum and Borgia gallery. It's surrounded by lovely resteraunts and a supermarket is about 3 min walk. I'd recomend a gps unit as streets are small and getting lost is easy. Help from staff stopped once we paid which was on arrrival but at least the internet worked.
25. The service was, well the worst i've ever experienced! There was some who worked there who where forthcomming and helpfull - but I never felt welcome and was spoken to in an extreamly unfriendly and threthening way several times during the 3 days i stayed. The rooms are ok, small bathrooms. The location is central, walking distance to many interesting places in Rome.
26. Nothing can beat this family run hotel. There is a real pleasure to be treated practically like family when you stay and I am a repeat customer. The building is as charming as the street it is located on. Minutes from all site in the historic sector, yet quiet and intimate. I just can't imagine a better place to stay for someone coming to Rome for the first time, or for returning again and again. It's a wonderful hotel!
27. Basically, the only positives about this hotel is the central location around the corner from the Pantheon & the staff was friendly and helpful. The room & bathroom was dirty. Our bathroom had a long odd hallway to the toilet/shower which was very tight. the only silver-lining here is that the price was right.
28. I spent a week in this hotel in the spring of 2004. I should have heeded the warnings on this site. Anytime a hotel insists on cash in advance, it is not a good sign. The room was uncomfortable:cramped, noisy and dirty. The worst part was dealing with the contemptuous and unhelpful staff and owners. You can do much better. Keep looking.
29. The hotel is well situated but besides that it was expensive :Euros180 per night even though the guidebooks price it as moderate. I asked specifically for a quiet room and received precisely the opposite: traffic and pedestrian noise all night long. The bathroom stank to high heaven and the beds were not comfortable. The breakfast was worse than a McDonalds fast food experience. Cheap, packaged croissant, cheap cereals - nothing to write home about here. Overall I would say this is probably the worst hotel we have ever stayed in on holidayand I am not extremely fussy! The staff were friendly and accommodating although they did not accept a credit card and wanted cash or trveller's cheques in Euros only. A waste of money and would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
30. Like many other reviewers point out, this hotel is in a good, central location. But it wasn't all that pleasant a place to stay. I am a bit picky about decor and found our room to be charmless bordering on depressing. If it was cheaper, I'd feel fine recommending it as a budget option. But at over $200/night, I suspect there are better hotels at a similar price. We only stayed there one night because the apartment we were renting wasn't available until the next day, and I have to say that I'm very glad our stay at this hotel was short. In addition to the lackluster feel of our room, the woman at the front desk was somewhat unpleasant. My husband and I are independent travelers and don't tend to depend on hotel staff for much, but she seemed so put upon even when we asked basic questions about the hotel, such as how to use the lobby phone or what they offered for breakfast. We really didn't like dealing with her. This was our second trip to Rome. We had a great time and will probably return again. Our first stay was at Hotel Campo de' Fiori, which I highly recommend (I wrote a review for it two years ago). Unfortunately, it was booked during our stay this year, but we'll definitely aim to stay there on our next visit.
31. The hotel is on the first floor of an old building which smelt badly. Despite having booked and paid the first night's stay many months prior, we were shown to a small drab room. For example, access to the shower required stepping over the toilet. There was one single wardrobe. No drawer space. We asked where our shirts etc could be placed and were advised to use the single shelf which also contained the little safe. No other rooms were available that night so we "walked" and obtained a hotel elsewhere. Returning the next day to get our money back involved an unpleasant exchange with either the manager or owner. A very poor introduction to Roman hospitality.
32. This hotel is just off Piazza Navona. It is difficult to find in taxi so make sure you have a map. It is clean and basic accommodation. This is not luxury by any means. It is a good base for sight seeing and walking distance to all tourist attractions. Our room was cleaned daily and the room was also quiet. The breakfast is nothing to write home about! It is coffee and a packaged croissant. Better to eat out. Cheap and cheerful and a base for sightseeing - stay here. Looking for luxury - look elsewhere.
33. I stayed two nights in Navona - in a tiny single room. Its a nice, clean hotel with great staff that speak English quite well. We all stayed on the main floor which is one flight of stairs up from the street level. I don't recall if they had an elevator, but I don't think so. Very basic breakfast offered. I stayed there with friends and it was during the bus strike and a national demonstration. We ended up walking much of the two days we were there, which was fine because Navona is not too far from the Vatican (about a 15-20 minute walk). Its very close to the Pantheon and there is some good shopping and great restaurants not too far away. Our last night, we ate at a wonderful little trattoria (Tritone, on Via Tritone) about 5 minutes from the Spanish Steps as the owner (or friend of the owner) stopped us on the street and invited us to have dinner with him. It was absolutely wonderful. Our best meal throughout our time in Italy! We walked back to the hotel because we were stuffed. Everything was great in Rome, too bad we didn't have more time.
34. We highly recommend the Hotel Navona in Rome. It’s centrally located, in the heart of ancient Rome, just a couple blocks from the Piazza Navona and the Pantheon (not to mention that it’s about a block away from one of the best espresso cafes in all of Rome). Also, public transportation to wherever you want to go is right around the corner. It's a very well-run hotel. The owners and staff were warm and welcoming, and also very helpful in sharing their thorough knowledge of the area. A special thank you to Cory, Patricia, Michele, and Farouk! CAUTION: There is only one Hotel Navona, not to be confused with hotels using similar names—to be safe, contact the hotel directly at www.hotelnavona.com. Our room was a Double Superior, which was spacious, clean, and very comfortable (not to mention quiet!). It was an excellent value for the money. The staff served a traditional Italian breakfast every morning (included in the room price). We really enjoyed the yogurt, rolls/croissants, coffee/cappuccinos, juice, and friendly service. If you’re not used to breakfast in Italy, please know that this one is quite good, without having to pay extra—contributing to the value of the hotel. (For reference, if you’re looking for a large American-style buffet breakfast, the larger hotels offer them for somewhere between $35 and $50 per person.) We were referred to Hotel Navona by a relative we totally trust, and now we would recommend it to our closest friends. Based on our positive experience, we fully intend to stay there on our next trip to Rome.
35. All of the staff at this hotel are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. They will take the time to assist you with just about any request you have. The hotel is perfectly situated for an unbelievable walking tour of Rome. I have stayed in other hotels in the city, and I can say without hesitation, Hotel Navona combines the best of all you are looking for, location, price, value for the money, hospitality, cleanliness, and local knowledge.
36. The hotel is located in a great area, as we walked to Vacatican and up to Spanish Steps, Roman Ruins. All is there with many small streets with loads of places to eat and at all price ranges. The rooms were clean and bathrooms were exceptionally clean. Only negatives were the breakfast which is coffee and a roll but enough to get you going and staff can be distant. We were locked out one night as there is no central key given for the main area (hotel is located on third floor of large building) and ended up staying with our friend who lives in Rome that night, and we were not aware that we would not be able to get back into the hotel. If you want a good place to rest your head and not have to worry about taxis, buses, or underground, this is the place. We only took a taxi to and from the train station when we arrived and left. I would stay there again. Of course if you need American standards of large rooms and a full breakfast then this is not the place for you.
37. My family and I had an opportunity to spend two weeks in Rome and chose the Hotel Navona through the recommendation of a friend. In short, our expectations were exceeded and our trip was a resounding success due in large part to the hotel accommodations and its staff. The location is second-to-none with short walks to the Pantheon, Piazza Navona and Campo de' Fiorie. Excellent restaurants are close by and you're just a block from the best espresso in Italy at the Sant Eustachio il Caffé. We were first timers in Rome and appreciated the assistance of the multi-lingual hotel staff in getting directions and recommendations of sites to visit. Rooms were exceptionally clean and well kept. We were there in the hottest part of the year and appreciated the well running air conditioning. All around the Hotel Navona is an excellent choice for your visit to Rome!
38. Spent 7 nights, with a party of 5 (2 rooms). Very attractive, but small. Showers in my room were good. Great office staff, very helpful and good English, but the waiters in the "breakfast" room were a little stiff... Breakfast was poor... we ended up eating elsewhere... packaged hard rolls, bad coffee, and they guarded you like a hawk for fear you'd take a cup with you to your room. Dining area was very small, with crowded tables in a corridor like setting... Also disappointed that there was no place to sit, either a terrace, living room (except for the 4 formal chairs right by the checkin desk), and no chairs in the rooms (probably not enough room for them!). Also had a thin wall, unusual for such an old building, and heard every word from the room next door, often in the middle of the night. However, you can't beat the location and the bed was extremely comfortable.
39. We spent about 3 weeks recently in one of Hotel Navona's Apartments (because of the length of our stay). We took breakfast nearly every day at the Hotel and we interacted with the staff re help navigating around town on our own, about buses, tours, banking, restaurants and many other services, all of which they cordially provided. We were in and out of the Hotel at all times of the day and were completely satisfied with everyone we encountered. The owner was present a lot of the time, and we found him to be uniformly pleasant and concerned about our stat. We feel Hotel Navona is a Roman experience not to be missed --- Yes, you haul your luggage up one flight, but help is always available to you. Breakfast with fresh rolls and pots of hot coffee and milk are fine, and yogurt and orange juice and sometimes meat and cheese and fruit round out this good start to the day. The breakfast staff is exceptionally good, sometimes working under extreme pressure when a number of people came in to eat all at once, and they responded to all guests' requests and needs quickly and willingly. We interacted with and asked many questions of all the staff, and they responded to to our enthusiasm about being in Rome with carefully thought-out answers, help and advice. Delivery men bring in fresh linens and food right through the lobby. One is part of the action. The Hotel is in an old palazzo and thankfully retains much of the original feel. It is clean, fun and very Roman. The location is simply ideal. But don't stay here if you want a ritzy hotel with American ambiance. Stay here because it captures Roman hospitality. Don't come here unless you want to sit down with Germans, Brits, Danes and American students and swap stories. Do come here if you want a jumping-off place to Rome, managed by people who try sincerely to match your wishes and needs to yous dreams. We were entirely happy with our choice of hotels. We will definitely stay here again.
40. I stayed at this location while solo traveling in Rome, Italy. It was conveniently located near Piazza Navona, which is within walking distance of all the major sites in Rome. The hotel is closer to Vatican City - my main focus while traveling in Rome. For the cost I stayed in a very clean, comfortable, and classy room with a simple breakfast. Internet was not easily accessible, which was a bit of an annoyance, but not a major deal for me.
41. In summary if you are not looking for great American style luxury and would like to be at the center of all Roman sites and nightlife Hotel Navona is a great affordable option. Rooms are spacious ( for European standards), quite and super clean. The hotel is on a quiet alley which is very important as Romans are up till late hours wondering in the streets. The breakfast was continental style, just some bread, juice, coffee to get you started. The hotel is on the second floor and there are no elevators but you may ask someone to help you with the luggage. The Corso Rinascimento ( a big street) is just 2 blocks away and there you can catch a bus to the Train Station and Colosseum. Pantheon, Fontana de Trevi and Spanish Steps are walking distance. The Vatican is about 10 min by bus. The taxi from the bus station costs us 25 euros but the bus the hotel recommends ( i think 42...) takes you just 2 blocks from the hotel. Check on their website and on google maps for more information on that. Have fun!! Ah, if you stay here make sure to try The bakery cinque Lune on Corso rinascimento 89, they have the best pastries I had in Rome!
42. Loved the Hotel Navona. We found the staff friendly and most helpful after my husband was robbed at Rome train station! They called the embassy, taxis, etc . for us and did what they could. Room was comfortable and clean with a/c. No TV, but that wasn't a problem for us. Breakfast was basic and Italian style...just good coffee and brioche/bread, but I was happy with this, and if you're not, there are great cafes within minutes of the hotel, which has one of the very best loctions in Rome. If you don't want to spend a fortune, want a good location, and are happy with a small, no-frills hotel, I recommend the Hotel Navona.
43. I stayed here with my finacee and a group of friends. Great location but we had several issues with the Hotel. Although my finacee and I booked a double room it consisted of two single beds pushed together. The room was also small and dark. The breakfast was not worth bothering with - only stale bread and instant coffee. The staff were pretty unhelpful as well. We booked a taxi for a certain time to take us to the airport. We waited in the Hotel reception for the taxi. After half an hour it had still not arrived despite the receptionist promising every five minutes that "it will be here in five minutes". Then receptionist then got up and left when his shift was over despite our taxi still not having arrived. He was totally blase about the whole thing. Luckily the taxi arrived shortly afterwards and we just made our flight in time. All this and the Hotel wasnt particularly cheap. We loved Rome and would definitely go back but will be staying somewhere else next time.
44. Only two positives: large shower and location. Although the shower was large, the room was definitely not. There was a lot of street noise. The staff is not accomodating. It's as if you are bothering them if you need some information. The woman who works there didn't smile once. The staff and owners seemed annoyed to have guests! Not sure what kind of coffee was served at breakfast -- not caffe latte or cappacino and not quite American. A big disappointment for the money.
45. For my wife's 30th birthday I arranged a trip to Rome and a stay in the Hotel Navona. As a surprise I invited another 11 couples so there were 24 of us in total. I was a little aprehensive of arranging such an event and if the hotel was not up to scratch I would never live it down. I arranged my trip with Micheal on reception who was very efficient and even booked a restaurant for us. The rooms where very adequate for the visit and everyone in our party though that the hotel offered a fantastic location and a certain rustic charm. I read some reviews from Americans mainly complaining about the room sizes etc and I have to state that you dont get 5 star service unless you pay for it. Everyone in our group agreed that they would use it again and I am looking forward to.
46. Perfectly located in Historical Center just 2 minute walk from Piaza Navona and bus to Vatican and Termini Station. Stayed here about 4 years ago and place seems the same but a little more faded and could do with a lick of paint. Rooms are quite dingy. Breakfast is still a bland 'long life' croissant with a few other bits. Prices in Rome have gone up for everything. Small beer on Piaza Navona was 7 Euros!. 70 Euros for Taxi from airport so you are best to pre-book taxi on internet or take train Rome does not have to be expensive as we discovered when we had the most enjoyable and affordable drinks in a bar followed by a perfect meal in a restaurant in Travestere.
47. We were booked in the Hotel Navona in March 2011. We were greeted by open garbage in the lower floor "lobby", scaffolding and ladders and other dangerous items, poor directions to the 2nd floor where the registration desk is found. We were billed for the full 7 days/7 nights on our credit card more than a month before our travel. After being in our room for less than 15 minutes, to find no security, mould in our shower, and a general uneasiness regarding the staff that followed us, we made arrangements to move to another hotel. Internet service was available - but I was "escorted" to a small room and staff stayed behind me while I used it. While trying to check out... we were screamed at and we could not understand what they were saying to us. Language was an issue, but screaming in any language is offensive. We finally just walked out, given we had a taxi waiting. Once in Canada, we attempted to get at least a portion of our money back - to no avail. They said that we did not check out properly - and would not refund one cent of $1400+ Euros. I wanted to sign something - but they wouldn't help me, and the screaming was more than we were willing to listen to... Our safety was more important to us.... it was worth LEAVING. Our new hotel, was fabulous, and made the trip to Rome what it was supposed to be... a beautiful city, with a rich history.
48. Hotel Navona is located nearby Piazza Navona and the Pantheon. You have walking distance to most sceneries and on top of that a lot of small restaurants in the neighbourhood with reasonable prices and good food. The hotel is small but very tidy, our room was small but had everything we needed including nice beds and the staff was kind and very helpful. Definitely value for money and we will recommend our friends to stay here!
49. Dont expect too much from this hotel. The rooms are basic and i would say ideal for group travel. Breakfast is simple but nice & filling and keeps you going - Euro breakfast. You can grab more food/coffee around Piazza Navona and other areas if you want. Ideal location!
50. Stayed for a few days on a Rome trip, trying to keep costs down at the time. For that purpose, this hotel is a great choice. Details... THE GOOD --Very reasonable price - at the time in 2003 it was about $120USD per night --Fantastic location, walking distance to everything (near Piazza Navona) --Accomodations reasonable THE BAD: --Small rooms --Iffy service --Accomodations are very simple, unrefined --Bathroom was tiny If you are trying to see Rome on a budget, this is a great spot. If you are going luxury, don't bother.
51. Well located, quiet, clean hotel. Much too expensive. Breakfast terrible. We were asked to leave after complaining. And we did. Also fire exits were blocked by breakfast tables. When we pointed this out we were told they would be moved in the morning! After insisting they were pushed a little to one side but still hampered access to the fire exit.
52. The location is the only redeeming feature of this hotel. Other reviewers have noted that the entrance is one the second floor which truly is a hassle if you have a large and/or heavy bag, and there is certainly no one there to help you. The room was grungy and depressing, just generally worn down. The television had about 5 channels. The staff was either hard to find or not particularly friendly and the breakfast they provided came with neither service nor taste. There are many hotels to choose from in Rome, I recommend not choosing this one.
53. We stayed at the Hotel Navona's sister hotel; Residenza Zanardelli. The location is a few minutes walk from Piazza Navona, a brilliant location with lots going on at night. The hotel is clean and has good air conditioning but there is nothing else good we can say about this place. The staff were very unfriendly and in fact acted liked we were bothering them on each occasion we passed them. We had amended our reservation since the time of booking and the hotel had no record of this. Despite saying we could pay on check on we were asked to pay midway through our stay. The shower was also a dribble of hot water. The breakfast is at one table with all the hotel guests sitting around it. We had booked a double room but the double bed was in fact two single beds pushed together. For the communial breakfast alone, we would not recommend this hotel. We will definitiely go back to Rome but will give this hotel a miss.
54. I just returned from 5 wonderful nights in Rome and I would highly recommend the Hotel Navona to anyone looking for a good value in a great location. It is located right between Piazza Navona and the Pantheon, surrounded by lots of great restaurants and interesting little shops. As a woman traveling alone, I felt very safe and I found the neighborhood to be more affordable and less trafficky than others I visited in Rome. The bed was more comfortable than it looked (it was kind of a flimsy looking mattress) and the room was small, but I expected that. It was very clean and bright, which made up for the small size. The breakfast is good by Rome standards, but if you're expecting eggs & bacon, you won't find it. I had yogurt, OJ, hot tea and a roll and found it was enough to keep me until lunch. One thing to be prepared for about this hotel is that you have to go up two flights of stairs just to get to the front desk. If you have a lot of luggage, this could be hard. Also, it can be a little noisy outside, especially if you're trying to nap in the middle of the day. At night, it wasn't as noisy. I didn't rely on the front desk for much, but they were able to arrange a taxi back to the airport that arrived exactly on time, which was greatly appreciated. Overall, I had a great time and would highly recommend Hotel Navona to anyone looking for a phenomenal deal in the best neighborhood in Rome.
55. Hotel Navona is in perfect location if you want to walk around touristic places in Rome. Pantheon is ohh so near from here. The Hotel is in a nice quite bylane, though turn the corner and you can enjoy finest caffee at Sant Eustachio (ask Caffee banco - on the bank, if you don't want to cough up 4 Euros for a latte). Owners are very nice, were very friendly with us and our younger son. Breakfast, as some other reviewer said, is ordinary, though there are lots of places where you can fill yourself up before you start off your day. Room has a safe locker which helps - Rome has loads of theives, so be careful with your stuff. No problem what so ever with Shower, though they could not get the cooler started - it was hot on 5th April. One thing I would like to mention is the lady staff overquoted the taxi fare to Ciampino Airport on the day of departure. She quoted 50 EUR and when I let her know what I paid 30 on the way from airport to their hotel, she revised the fare to 35 EUR. That was little dishonest I think. Apart from this, this place was wonderful to stay and explore Rome by foot. Oh, and I want t o mention about thisPizzeria (not on tourist radar) that just makes us go gaga over it. Name is Pasquales Pizzeria its on Via dei Prefetti. Family run, frequented by locals and his daily customers, the pizzas are delicious and so is their home grown vine.
56. This is a very good option for staying in Rome. Location is very good, rooms are clean and spacious, breakfast can at least get you going and the staff....well....just remember you are not there to socialize. I am sure their ratings would be way better if they were a bit friendlier. I would stay here again . An excellant value for the money.
57. If you wanna stay in a nice quiet hotel which is clean and cheap with great service, this hotel is perfect for you. First and foremost thou are the location location location. Located a stonethrow from piazza Navona you have easy walking distance to millions of restaurants, shopping, the pathenon, the trevi fountain etc etc. And both the vatican and the colloseum is only a 10-15 min walk away. The rooms themself are not the biggest, but they are very clean, and have nice showers/toilets, a good size bed and the daily service is good. There is an easy to use safe, and if you ask, you can get a room with nice working and quiet aircon. The staff is divided into 2 groups. The main receptionists are friendly and very helpful and speaks fluid english. The bellboys and waiters are reserved and not very helpful. There are only 2 downsides we could think of. There is a lot of stairs and small corridors, so not a very good choiche for disabled people, and the breakfast is realy just a piece of bread and some wrapped pastry. But we didnt mind since we eat breakfast on the move mostly. So in short - if were going to Rome again were gonna stay here 100% and were gonna recomend the place to all friends.
58. My wife and I bring fifteen to eighteen students to Italy every summer. We need a place in Rome for five days/nights that is accessible to the major sites and has a reasonable cost. Hotel Navona fits the bill for us. The clean rooms are cozy and have an old world feel about them. Great flat screen tv's have satellite coverage. The staff, Mike especially, along with the wonderful Natale family have been so helpful to us. On our last stay one of our students came down with a peculiar illness and after a visit to the hospital they all took such great concern for our young man; going so far as to make soup for him (Thank you, Mama Tina) and later on some homemade spaghetti (Thank you, Mike). I left my phone in a taxi and they helped me locate it. A great place to stay in the center of historic Rome, Hotel Navona has our return business.
59. We stayed one night at Hotel Navona and one night at the Residenza Zanardelli and enjoyed both hotel (same owner). The Zanardelli is a bit more upmarket with more attention to the furnishing details, however the room we had at the Navona Hotel was more spacious and quiter. The Zanardelli Residence is on the first floor of this amazing XIX century building whereas the Navona Hotel is in a less sumptuos buiding, but with a lovely courtyeard in the middle. Both hotels could do more of an effort with their breakfast service. Both hotels are extermely conveniently located.
60. We were two senior couples looking to explore Rome on foot. We don't require 4 or 5 star luxury at outrageous prices. Hotel Navona provided an excellant location with clean utilitarian rooms at reasonable cost. Breakfast was coffee, rolls, juice, yogurt, etc. Less than what Americans are used to but more than adequate considering the marvelous lunches, dinners, gellatto, etc. we ate every day elsewhere. We had no street noise issues. The one negative is its 1st floor (not ground) location and no elevator. The staff was very friendly and helpful especially Michael who seemed to live in the lobby. He was always there and extremely helpful.
61. The hotel is in a great central location and is in easy walking distance of all the major attraction of Rome. It was generally clean and our room on the top floor was small but comfortable. The only downside was the shower curtain had seen better days. Breakfast was simple; 1 large bread roll with condements, packaged crossant and good dark coffee, but that set you up well for the morning and a easy lunch on the street. For dinner there are some very good restaurants on the other side for Piazza Navona down Via di Tor Milina.
62. The Hotel Navona was not what I expected at first, but after a few minutes of peeking around and meeting the staff while checking in, I knew that this is the only place I want to stay when in Rome. The owner and staff were so very friendly and knowledgable. The owner talked to my family and friends for over half an hour about the buildings history, his family, his life, and about the city. We learned so much. The rooms were super clean, and the beds amazingly comfortable! It was exactly what I needed after the flight! They only offer breakfast, but large groups can ask about possible dinner options. Again, the staff was just wonderful. It is a little off the beaten path, but it was easy to walk to all the major sites. It was tucked away down a little street which meant it was nice and quiet. When I go back to Rome in a few years, I already know I want to stay there for location, comfort, and the hospitality.
63. My wife and I just stayed at this hotel with 2 friends for several nights. It is in a great location in the center of Rome. The Pantheon and the Piazza Navona are just a few minutes walk away. You are very close to lots of food and shopping. The price was excellent for being in the center of Rome in season. The rooms were clean and roomy. The hotel staff was very good. Mike and the hotel owner were great and helped us with any reservations and ideas for outings that we needed. A simple breakfast comes with the room, bread, juice, coffee/tea, but if you are looking for something more you will need to go out. This is not a luxery hotel with alot of amenities, but if you are looking for a great location, clean quiet rooms at a good price, this is a great choice.
64. Hotel Navona is located just steps away from Piazza Navona. Rooms are small, but that is normal. Prices were very reasonable for the area. The negative: very noisy. The street the hotel is on is loaded with mopeds that seem to come and go all through the night. Before 6 am people are in the street yelling, and the mopeds are coming and going. Ask for a room overlooking the small courtyard if possible. Or, better still, ask for a room in their other hotel Rezidenza Zandarelli, located near the Piazza Navona, only at the opposit end. No elevator, and with 3-4 flights of steps to climb 3-4 times a day...you'll get a workout. No internet in the rooms, only the lobby and you are free to use the breakfast room for WiFi. Breakfast was fine. The standard bread rolls, and cornetto. Coffee was terrible....I know, I couldn't believe it either. I think they try to serve American style coffee by brewing espresso, and adding water, but they would do better to offer the espresso. Bathroom was a good size, with a tub/shower combo that was fine. Hairdryer worked well.
65. We stayed in a two bedroomed apartment just round the corner from the hotel and it suited us very well. The staff and manager were very helpful and friendly. We were taken for a coffee by the manager and he told us a lot about the area and the building. The hotel represents excellent value for money (we paid less than 50 euros each per night) and is perfectly located. The bedrooms in the apartment were spacious, well furnished, the beds were comfortable and the water was hot! We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to others and am sure we will stay here next time we are in Rome.
66. Having booked this hotel on reccommendation from a hotel inspector (I work in the industry), I was then horrified to read the reviews on this site. Without reading the reviews I would have been disaapointed with the hotel, however I dont think the hotel is as bad as some of these reviews may hint. The biggest selling point is location - Piazza Navona is perfect with traders and many pizzerias, Vatican is 15 mins walk as are the Spanish steps. The hotel is more of a b&b. I guess your stay would depend on what room you had as all are different. Ours was small but clean, so we were happy going out all day and just crashing out overnight. Staff werent rude, no more than any other hotel we stayed in - we had hot water problems and they ensured it was fixed within minutes. On our last night we paid £50 more and stayed at the Mecenate Palace, staff were terrible but worth the £50 extra
67. A friend and I stayed at the hotel this year for five nights and found it perfectly located for all of the places we wanted to visit. We loved the inside/outside stairway - it just added to the fun. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. We had to cancel our first planned visit due to a bereavement and the hotel immediately sent their condolences and offered to transfer our stay to a later date. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay somewhere with character and charm that'll put them on the doorstep of so many Roman wonders!
68. great value considering the FANTASTIC location nestled between piazza navona and the pantheon (each a 1-2 minute walk away !) plus the vatican, trevi fountain, spanish steps, trastevere and colosseum/forum are EACH within a 20 min leisurely walk. Rooms, ameneties, breakfast are fair (not great) but for the price, to get better in that location you would have to pay close to double the price and the rooms will likely not be any bigger as all the buildings in the historic center are, of course, centuries old. At least their rooms are very clean. English is spoken by the mostly non-italian staff and they are quite friendly. I have stayed there twice now and the latest time, the room was tiny but the shower-head strength(on an upper floor) was amazing ...and hot ! (a real luxury in Rome where many homes, hotels do not have showerheads and you have to hold the hose ...a real pain. Again, a real good deal if location is paramount and you' re not looking for "american" style comforts and room size. I grew up in Rome a few blocks away from there and the location (for a tourist) cannot be beat ! hig
69. This is a charming little hotel right in the historic district two steps away from the Plaza Navona and an easy walk to the Forum and the Coliseum .There is a lot to see and places to eat nearby . There are excellent bus connections nearby that can take you there also and to the shopping, St Peter's cathedral area and most anywhere else. The building dtes from the 1400's and the rooms are modern but small. The whole place is cosy. The breakfast which is included is European style, breads, juice and coffee and some sliced meats and cheese. We found the staff very helpful and accommodating.
70. This hotel is situated in a perfect location for walking and sightseeing. However, the rooms were loud and the staff was apathetic and not friendly. In fact the owner was boderline rude and certainly arrogant. Although the location for the price was good, we would not stay here again.
71. We have stayed at Hotel Navona for four years in a row when we bring college students to Rome for a class. Our experience with this hotel has been exemplary. The front desk service is extremely helpful, making transportation arrangements for airports and field trips. They go out of their way to supply maps, early morning breakfast, and even making soup for a sick student. The double rooms are perfect for our needs with good showers, large flat screen TV's, and Wifi. The rooms are clean and charming with the ceiling of our room even painted with fresco's. And, of course, the location is the best, being only 2 minutes from the Pantheon and Piazza Navona and a 15 minute walk to St. Peter's and the Roman Forum. The Natale family, owners of the hotel, take a personal interest in making this a hospitable and enjoyable stay. It is truly a family hotel with the personal touches of people who care. We will happily continue to stay at this hotel each year. Emily Ivey
72. If location primes OK otherwise: noise with the windows closed, you can hera a hairpin drop in the street, and as your in central rome, the quiet moments to hear hairpins drop are rare. ugly: neither old nor new, a copy of old done on the cheap uncomfortable: the pillows could be cofortably repalced by wooden head rests, the mattress is best left unqua lified unpleasant: I read a review saying they disliked american. I spoke only unaccented French and it did not improve the service. The bathroom: I have seen better in youth hostels: from low pressure to raspy towels, and two people can not fir in too brush their teeth together Breakfast, Ha breakfast... we chose not to brake the fast.. Avoid if you intend to sleep., OK to store your bags in central rome.
73. If you need a place with a grand lobby and multiple servants to tip everytime a door opens, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a wonderfully comfortable room in a quiet, antique location, and you want a true Roman experience, with a wealth of incredible restaurants in the vicinity, please check out this hotel. Very clean and friendly Pension. We had a large room with four beds, and were very comfortable. Continental breakfast included, is served quickly and has a nice variety. Situated one block from Piazza Navona, and easily within walking distance to the Capitola, the Pantheon, the Spanish Steps, the Forum, and even the Colosium, you cannot beat the location. We were there for the celebration of the Epiphany and Rome was buzzing with people and toy Befanas everywhere. The owner, Corey (Corrado) speaks fluent English, as does most of his staff. Their site: http://www.hotelnavona.com
74. This hotel was recommended by neighbor who stayed here several times. We had a great time here. Location is great, along quiet street, staff and proprietor are very helpful and easy going people. It was nice having breakfast in hotel before our daily long walks exploring Rome. Definitely will come back to Hotel Navona again. Alexander Lezhen. New York City
75. So... After a long plane ride, we arrived to find that they had given our room away to a German couple named Whithead, no joke... But Mike was quick to rememdy the situation and gave us one of their apartments close by. We later found out that it had been in his family since its construction some time in the 18th century. So rather than having a king room with a private bath for $120 a night, we had an apartment with a king bed, dining room, sitting room, kitchen and private bath. This was all at the same price as our room in Navona. In short, Mike made the best of a mix-up, as any conscientious business owner should do.
76. Had the good fortune to be back in Rome and naturally stayed at the Hotel Navona. Once again the experience was fantastic. What makes this hotel so great other than the perfect location? The staff, especially Mike! I will never stay at any other hotel in Rome!
77. This was my 9th trip to Rome and I could not have been at a better location, just steps from my favorite place, The Piazza Navona. The hotel has several floors and is a former 14th Century Palace. It has been converted and upgraded w/ AC and other accommodations. Although Wi Fi is advertised in the lobby area only, we stayed in suite # 5 and had great access. Our room even had 14th century paintings on the ceilings! Just lovely. The owner is friendly and accommodating as well as the staff and there is someone there 24/7 to assist you. I would Recommend this place to anyone looking for that European Flavor.
78. We initially booked for Hotel Navona and when i was confirming before our trip they said they had to put us in their sister hotel Residenzia Zanardarelli. It was only a block away but it was great! Even though there was a price difference they didn't charge us. The communication pre-visit was great with directions and clear pricing. Location of the hotel is perfect. i really really recommend it as its walking distance from so many sights and a short short bus ride to the Termini to catch the train to the airport. I would def stay there again. Lots of great restaurants nearby and the close vicinity to Vatican City allows you to get a head start on the queues there! A tour bus stop is right across the street from the hotel also. Lots to do in the city so you don't want to waste time with transportation. Enjoy Roma!
79. Our group of 9 couples stayed at the Hotel Navona for three days before boarding a ship for a cruise. We found the hotel to be extremely convenient. You could walk anywhere within a few minutes up to 15 minutes. The hotel was clean and quietly located. The only problem was that our van could not go down the small street to drop us off or pick us up but that was a minor inconvenience. If you want to spend your time seeing the historical attractions stay here. You won't waste time trying to catch buses or cabs. Every morning homemade hot rolls, pastries, coffee, tea, and juice was provided for breakfast.
80. We had a family group of 13 ranging in age between 9 and 87 and stayed six nights at the hotel. We had six rooms and we were put on the first floor down the hall from the front desk. The rooms were very clean and quite large for a European hotel. The one triple room we got was very large. The bathrooms were good size with good water pressure and good hairdryers. The rooms that fronted the hotel were quite noisy with street traffic, but we used earplugs and were fine; so you might want to ask for a back room. The staff was geat! The owner and Mike were very informative about Rome's history, restaurants and even set up transportation to and from the airport for our large group. The breakfast was coffee, teas, juice and rolls- enough to get you started. We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Navona!
81. I have been coming to Hotel Navona for almost two decades. The Hotel has always given me a warm welcome and they have become like family to me. I am quite surprised by the comments that some travellers have made of this family-run establishment. Being a family run business, complaints are taken personally, not as in a large hotel chain. I mention when things need to be fixed, exchanged or improved but in a polite manner. If you have an attitude that you are unhappy and everyone on either side of the reception desk should know it (we've all met travellors like that) then a small hotel (at a reasonable rate) in Italy (or most of Europe) is not for you. A traveller coming to Rome has to appreciate the high prices that hotels now command given that the Euro has more than doubled the cost of visiting the Eternal City. This sometimes makes it difficult to find a decent, well priced and safe place to stay, especially if you are a female travelling alone. Hotel Navona has provided me with this type of safe environment and this encouraged me to stay there alone or with my family. The rooms are clean, comfortable and the many renovations over the years now guarantee me windows with double-glazing that prevents the outside noise from coming in. The (very) light breakfast in the morning is welcoming but as some guests have written, if you want more than juice and a fresh bun, there are plenty of restaurants or bars within a few minutes walk that offer a greater variety. I've found this small hotel is always improving and always accommodating. If you are used to the large North American style hotels and amenities without the old world character, than this is not the place for you but of course you are going to have to pay a substantial premium to get that kind of service. Mirella- Toronto, CANADA - March 2007
82. This hotel was suggested to us by someone who had recently been there. Having never been to Rome we were happy for a suggestion. The hotel is located 1 block from the Piazza Navona, the most beautiful Piazza in all of Rome. We were there for 4 days and walked everywhere including Vatican City from our hotel. The room we got was small but comfortable and service was great. The breakfast was so-so but was available. Our son went there on their honeymoon this past summer and were very pleased as well. I would go back there any time.
83. This being our first time to Rome, we were in the dark regarding where to stay and we were extremely fortunate to have found the Hotel Navona. It is within a block of Piazza Navona - THE place to be every evening after dark for couples, families, or just alone to soak it all in. In regards to location, there is no better place - it is so close to it all but still set back enough to be extremely quiet. We walked everywhere with our 5-year old from the hotel to include the coliseum, Pantheon, multiple churches (there are many in Rome! ), the Vatican - although a bit far, Spanish Steps, all from the hotel. The room was sufficient for our needs and they even placed a small bed in the room for our daughter and she appreciated the attention. If you plan to see Rome and not hang out in your hotel room then this is a perfect hotel. If you are looking for amenities and luxury and to be catered to then perhaps you should keep looking. Clean and quiet and simple. Great for sightseeing in this great city. Included breakfast is merely sustenance but coffee was good. Air conditioning worked fine. Plenty of hot water and water pressure.
84. Four of us made our bi annual trip to Rome for the rugby international between Italy and England on February 10th. Italy were very unlucky not to win the encounter for the first time, so it was a real bonus to be staying in the Hotel Navona, to discuss where England nearly came undone! The staff and especially the owner Corry and his interesting family, were great. The rooms were clean and spotless, with new beds installed for our arrival, plus the hospitality in showing us around this unique hotel was second to none. In terms of value for money, can't fault the Navona and will be going back for our next trip in 2010, if not before!
85. I've stayed in this hotel twice and have found it to be clean. The staff arent going to love you to death and the owner is a little too pleased with himself - but thats ok - because I didnt come to Rome to spend the day shooting the breeze with them. The breakfast, breakfast room and staff serving it, leave much to be desired and you wont be missing out if you dont have it ,and thats what I recommend you do, as there are plenty of nice places you can go to near the hotel for fresh coffee and bread. The hotel is in a great location and for €140 a night you are not going to get much better, so would all those who are looking for 5 star quality (based on the other reviews here) do everyone else a favour, unlock their wallets and pay $500 a night for a hotel where they'll get what they want. You wont get much in New York for $140 so why expect it elsewhere. I cant believe some of the negative reviews here. One even complains about audible noise when in the room during the day. What were they doing there during the day??? Another complains about insufficient room in the bathroom for two people - please!!!!!!! This is one of the great cities of the world - the hotel is in the centre of it - quit complaining, get out and see it. If you walk the legs off yourself during the day, like you should - you'll be too tired in the evening to care about the five star niceties that are missing in Hotel Navona.
86. I stayed in the annexe at this hotel recently and was most impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the family who own it. The rooms were clean, well priced and in a fantastic location right by the Piazza Navona. It was an excellent base and I would not hesitate to recommend it
87. The position can't be faulted. My room was so small I couldn't swing a flea let alone a cat but the positives - it was clean and close to everything. My negative was the awful bed and pillow. After walking until I couldn't walk another step I wanted a bed in which I would be comfortable to sleep but my bed resembled a block of concrete and the pillow was no softer and so thin as to be useless. The breakfast was filling if nothing and I loved the orange juice served in a plastic cup. Would I stay there again - yes but I would ask for a different room that was a bit larger and take my own pillow.
88. Not to be confused with any other "Hotel Navona" as this place is the real deal. There is only one Hotel Navona in Rome, Italy and we loved staying there. WIth wonderful, hospitable staff and really nice rooms especially for a family of four. The hotel was handy to the centre of Rome...walk to everything.
89. This is the third time we have stayed at either this hotel or the Residenza Zanardelli which is on the other side of the piazza and owned by the same people. The location is near our favorite and best piazza in Rome and most of the popular sites are within walking distance. The staff is always helpful and the rooms are comfortable and clean.
90. Great Value, Great Service. Clean Rooms, Terrific Area, Cold A/C, Hot Water. Close to all tourist attractions,We walked everywhere. Located steps from the Piazza. Hotel Staff was helpful. We felt very safe in our rooms. Breakfast was typical Italian. Pastries etc. So we ended up eating out. There is no elevator, the stairs aren't that bad, might be difficult if your older. Staff supplied us with computer when we asked. They called cabs, gave directions, suggested places to eat. Rooms where clean, sheets where crisp. We had a tv in our room, there is no phone within the room itself. The hotel does sell phone cards, which is a benefit.
91. This is a great find in Rome. Perfect location, clean, quiet room, good AC. The staff is very nice. For example, they called a restaurant for us to obtain a reservation and had good recommendations. I would highly recommend this hotel for someone who wants a simple, clean place to stay while you explore Rome.
92. Although the hotel is well positioned, the rooms are nothing like the pictures shown on the website. Our standard room did not have air conditioning as stated in the web site and the room was small to the extent of being claustophobic The attitude of the owner left much to be desired, as when challenged the rooms did not match the picture on the website, we were told " You are paying for the location not the room. The exterior of the courtyard was dilapadated and uncared for. Breakfast while included was very sparse " a roll and cup of coffe and fruit juice out of plastic cups" An experience to avoid
93. This hotel is located within steps of all the major sights. It is literally one block from the Piazza Navona. Overall the rooms were small, some smaller(tiny) than others, we've experienced both. The beds aren't comfy, but who cares if your out all day. This is definitely a no frills hotel; its main advantage is the LOCATION. Mike, the receptionist, was very accomodating and spoke english.
94. Absolutely the worst bed i've ever slept in. Taking a shower was a real chore. the ceiling in the shower was less than six feet high. The water temperature was ice cold three out of four days. The server at breakfast was rude at best. Packaged Croissants for breakfast and weak coffee. The other guests in my group thought the front desk help was rude and un-helpful, however; i found her sexy charning and most inviting. Do not take a shower after 7:30 am. or the water will be less than room temperature. make sure to have an appointment with your chiropractor after leaving this dump.
95. In May, we emailed Hotel Navona for a room for 5 nights iearly October and got back an immediate response that the hotel was full but that they could provide a small apartment near the hotel for $175 E per night. We telephoned to make sure we understood the arrangement and booked the stay. When we arrived at the hotel, we were informed that we would be staying in "the family palace" and had no idea what we had let ourselves in for, The owner drove us to the "palace" and explained that it had been owned by the family since the 17th century and that they had only recently converted a few rooms to small apartments. We were very pleasantly surprised to find ourselves in a delightfully charming apartment on Corso Vittorio Emanuele with a large bedroom, a sitting room, a kitchen, and a small bathroom. We were on the fourth floor but had a lift and Navona staff brought our luggage in and put it in a taxi for us when we left. There were double windows that blocked out noise from the street but allowed a great view--down Corso on one side and into a central courtyard on the other. We were about 3 blocks from Piazza Navona and less than 2 from Campo di Fiori, right on major bus lines, next door to an excellent coffee/cafe shop that opened at 6:00 and had great, inexpensive coffee and breads and pastries in the morning and soups and sandwiches at lunch. The family that owns Hotel Navona could not have been more pleasant and accommodating, as was the staff. I would definitely plan to stay here again.
96. My husband and two 11 year old daughters stayed at this property in Rome. It's about a 60 euro trip from the airport (FCO), along the way you see a lot of Roma. The location is great, walking distance from anything you'd like to see. Everything! A stair climb is required. They had our room ready, it was clean...and of course very old. Not posh. No frills. Pretty simple. The woman at the desk is very busy, speaks English. Wi-fi only works from the lobby, probably because of the very ancient thick walls. A simple breakfast off coffee and pastries. They were all very nice to us. We would stay there again.
97. This hotel was great value for money - even though our room did not have any of the features advertised - no view, no frescos, nothing ancient about it - a tiny room stuck in the corner of a hallway. But the bed was the most comfortable of the four hotels we stayed at in Italy, the bath room was super modern - the whole thing was very clean - there was a small safe in a cupboard for valuables. There was a clothesline just outside a door (that opened onto a central courtyard) that we used to dry socks and undies. The lady at the desk was very helpful arranging tickets. the AC was controlled by a remote, and although they turned it off everyday when cleaning the room, it did not take long for the room to be cool enough and actually cold during the night. This will be "our hotel" in Rome.
98. We were only at this hotel for a few days en-route to a cruise and really wished we could have stayed longer. Rooms were lovely, it was perfectly situated and you really knew you were in Rome, unlike some of the other hotels where you could be anywhere! The staff were wonderful and the owner totally made our trip to Rome, by telling us some great places to go and even taking us for a coffee in Rome's best coffee house. When I go back to Rome, I wouldn't stay anywhere else!! !
99. We just returned from our stay at the Hotel Navona in Rome. We had visited Rome twice before and are well aware that most of the rooms and bathrooms are small by American standards. Our room was small, which was fine. The room was clean and very basic - no complaints with that. Our room was on the top floor and the man that showed us up referred to it as an apartment - don't know why. Now the bad part. The walls were paper thin and we could actually see light from the room next to us from a space where the wall did not meet the ceiling. We were able to hear the neighbor on one side of us every time she coughed and that was the side that had our bathroom separating the rooms. The room on the other side was more of a problem. Although in any other hotel it probably would not have been an issue, at the Navona the walls were so thin we were able to hear EVERY word of their conversations, EVERY time they used the bathroom as well as their nightly romantic adventures. Although their bathroom separated their room from ours, it was as though they were IN OUR room. I will say the location is great - close to many of the sites as well as great restraunts and right around the corner from a good coffee shop. The breakfast was ok - coffee, OJ, a large french roll and several types of cellophane wrapped cakey things that i would recommend avoiding. The prices in Rome are very high by US standards. we paid 145 euro per night here which was much less than most of the other places i saw online or in guidebooks that did not have as good of a location. One other thing worth mentioning for those who travel with lots of luggage - there is no lift/elevator.
100. My teenage son and I were very pleased with the comfort of our room (and easy access to WiFi), but mostly we were impressed with the kindness, courtesy and efficiency of the hotel staff who assisted in many details and small matters that made our 7-day stay very positive. The rooms are secure and well maintained, the furnishings comfortable, the air conditioning welcome, and the location is centrally located to major attractions. I would recommend highly and will gladly book a visit again.
