1. It was our first time in Key West with my family and as soon as I get to the hotel it was terrible. The bathroom smelled like sewer water, the front door couldn't open wider, it felt like we were in a motel. Why would marriott make this kind of hotel but it really is not a hotel it's a motel. I don't recamand this hotel (motel).
2. Was a bit further away from all the downtown Key West activities than I expected, but nice facility. Helpful staff. Very nice pool area and great free breakfast buffet in the pool area. Room was kind of cramped with very small bathroom. Not a lot of storage or room to put your suitcases, but adequate. I know I read reviews before about the air conditioning units being loud and it's true. If you are a light sleeper, I'd take ear plugs. Only real complaint I have is the pool area is supposed to close at 11:00. All the rooms open up to the pool area, so any activity out there at night can be heard. There was a large group of mostly men that decided to play dominoes. The constant talking and shuffling of the dominoes on the tables echoed throughout the courtyard area and had to be keeping everyone awake. This went on until 2am or so. I would have thought the hotel staff would have cleared them out.
3. I found this hotel to be a perfect location for a fun weekend in Key West. The room layouts were unique, spacious and clean. The pool area provided a quiet nice hide away for the morning after the night on the town. This hotel was a quick 5 minute, or $4/person cab ride to Duval St. and dozens of restaurants and pubs. Close to everything, but not a walk to downtown.
4. We recently stayed here during our 2 days in Key West. It was quiet, rooms were clean, staff pleasant. The pool is awesome with 12 small fountains spraying into it during the day. Complimentary breakfast is served poolside--nothing spectacular on the menu, but it's a very pleasant way to start the day. Would recommend it, although farther up the island (northeast?) are other places that are directly across from the seawall and might offer better Gulf access/views.
5. Just got back from Key West for my sister's 30th. Key West is GREAT! But that’s not what this review is for - Fairfield Inn offered a great front desk team. They were very attentive, informative and friendly. Whether you needed a cab, directions or suggestions on where to eat - what beach to visit - or the best night club, they offered a long list of suggestions with pros and cons. The rooms were quite small though. There were 3 girls in ours and we constantly needed to move out of the way for someone to walk by. However, the beds were GREAT! Very soft and cozy (down pillows). Room 222 offers a lovely view - of the Taco Bell's roof next to the hotel too! Also, this is more of a motel (rather than hotel) - so not sure why they didn't have seats outside the rooms - seemed to have enough room. The pool was very refreshing, and a nice size with plenty of chairs - you never had that feel that the pool was over crowed. My big beef was the location. We took a cab about 4 times a day into Downtown or the beach. With being 5 of us (about $20 a ride) - this was split and generally inexpensive - but I think next time I visit Key West, I'll buck up the extra money and stay at a better location
6. The Fairfield Inn is the absolute best value and the staff is nothing short of fantastic. From Lyndsey and the girls at the front desk to Pete our daily bartender to the sweetest breakfast staff, they are what made our trip so memorable. Can't thank you enough for showing our family such hospitality!
7. Yes the hotel is a bit far from Old Key West, but we walked and had bikes and it worked for us- Service- very proffesional staff- Front desk, pool bar and breakfast staff were all friendly and had a nice greeting each time we walked by. The pool was clean and never crowded. Another note on service- we had a room without a fridge-we asked for one at check-in and we were told it would be right up( we expected a long wait) we put our luggage on the bed and there was a knock on door and the fridge was delivered! Other nice touches-the internet is free and there are TWO computers with a printer right off lobby. There is a bike rental on site and the bike/scooter storage rack is in garage and covered and safe.The breakfast is more than enough to get you started for the day- Taxis were always waiting and there is a Trolley Stop on site ( Trolley is $$$$ -walk, rent a bike or try the public bus) We totally agree on the LOUD air conditioner-we had to shut it off at night- we turned it down as cold as it could before we went to bed and then shut it down-
8. The staff was very Friendly and helpful. They had some good info for our sightseeing. The room was very clean. It was a little small but ok for our needs. The A/C was a little noisey but you get used to it. I would reccomend this place to friends and family.
9. Overall the hotel is old, the reception area is good, the pool area very good, but the rooms are awful, we stayed in room 118, the tv remote did not work (ok you can live with that), the air con did not work on auto so had to be on all the time to keep the room at a comfortbale temperature, the drains had a problem in the shower, when you took a shower there was a terrible sewarage smell, the room was small and shabby, but on a positive side the bedding and towels were clean. I did complain about the room at reception and they apologised and we were only staying the one night.
10. The wife and I are fresh back from 3 days at the Fairfield inn Key West. What a great experience. The Fairfield was very clean and appeared to be recently remodeled. The pool was a great place to kick back and relax before heading down to Duval to be with the crazies. The breakfast was better than most places with a great selection. Starting off the day sitting outside having our first cup of coffee poolside was the best. Most of all the Staff was very sincere about our helping us out and could not do enough to make sure we had a great stay day. They succeeded!
11. We recently visited Key West for a wedding and chose the Fairfield because it carries the Marriott name and had a great rate. We were not disappointed! The rooms were clean, comfortable and the beds ideal for a good night's sleep. The grounds and pool area were extremely clean and well kept. The pool is fantastic and being able to enjoy a complimentary breakfast out there each morning was wonderful. They have a special server named Mirella who took great care of us every day we were there! She is one of the best service industry employees I have encountered in a long time!! The hotel ia close enough to downtown Key West, but without the noise or crowds. It's a quick drive to Duval, where you can find whatever you might want to do. Overall, property was a great value for the price! A few negatives (which were greatly outweighed by positives): Rooms do not have mini-refrigerators (bring a cooler! ); the doors are heavy, hurricane style and slam loudly; and on the back side of the building lives a rooster who will let you know when it's dawn. (If your A/C is on, you probably won't ever hear him though.)
12. The room was fairly small, not a suite room. The bathroom had an interesting smell. The rooms are loud. You can hear the people in the adjacent room and if anyone is rolling a suit case down the walk, you will hear it. The staff were extremely friendly which is why I would recommend staying here. It is not typical to spend the whole amount of time in your room on vacation, so as long as it is a place to stay, it is worth it. I was able to book last minute with them and it was worth the trip. It does require a taxi to get downtown, but old charter row is a short walk away. For the fisher, it is a great place to be.
13. We almost always stay at Marriott hotels and when we saw the Fairfield Inn and Suites in Key West was a category 5, we made a reservation for two nights. The staff was really great and helpful but the hotel itself was not quite as modern as we expected. One advantage it did have was being a stop on the Old Town Trolley so it was easy to get around but I think next time we would stay closer to downtown. Loved Key West!
14. Not impressed with the front desk staff at all- they could not have cared less. No welcome package or thank you to Marriott reward holders. Room was spacious, bed comfortable, but the noise level when you are facing the pool late in the night was bothersome. Gusts making loud noises late into the night did not make for a restful sleep. The bathroom was not clean at all. Glad I was only staying one night, sorry I had to use up all those points. After unpacking went to the bar area and then the front desk to get a few glasses- they do not exist on the property. What a shame, who wants to drink good bourbon out of Styrofoam. The best part was the bicycle rental kiosk on the property. The gentleman there was kind and efficient. Rental price inexpensive, bike functioned and with a basket and lock- everything you need for the 2 mile hike into town for the day.
15. If you are going to Key West, stay here! Great pool area and breakfast area. The breakfast area is all open and around the pool area. Beautiful pool area! Plenty of chairs to lay around in and the pool is large enough so you have plenty of room even with a large number of guests. Rooms are very, very small and have very minimal decor/furnishings (the only negative) but the pool area makes this hotel worth it. We have stayed here several times. Only had one bad experience and that was because it was biker week. Since the parking is directly under the rooms, it was Very loud espcially from 12-3 am. We are just more cautious about when we go to the Keys! We will stay at this location every visit.
16. Our room was small but very nicely appointed. The hotel itself was very attractive and the staff was welcoming and helpful. Sitting by the pool with its tropical garden, relaxing while having breakfast or an evening drink was great. The location was good and the price reasonable for Key West.
17. If you're looking for somewhere to stay at Key West, you'll probably experience sticker shock. I never found anything "cheap" that looked appealing enough for me to stay in it. The Fairfield was by far the best value. It has free parking (a big deal in Key West), an awesome pool, and the best free continental breakfast I've ever seen. The staff is extremely friendly as well. The rooms are small but appear recently redone, and I loved the tiled shower. The hotel is a short drive from all the main attractions in Key West, I believe one of the trolley companies also picks up in the parking lot. This is a great value and nice place to stay during your trip to Key West.
18. The grounds are beautiful, and the staff is excellent. Continental breakfast was great. There is free parking though it is too far to walk to the beaches and Duval St. from the hotel. However, nothing else was good about the hotel. The rooms are very small. Our room smelled strongly of mildew. The rooms need much better housekeeping and a thorough cleaning. The hotel is on a main thoroughfare and rather noisy at night with cars, scooters, motorcycles passing through. The uncomfortable beds creaked and squeaked. This is by far the worst Fairfield Inn, we have stayed at.
19. We were very positively surprised by our stay at The Fairfield Inn in Key West--the staff greeted us warmly, provided useful discount coupons for several restaurants in town and were genuinely pleasant to deal with for the 3 days we stayed--including extending our checkout on a very popular weekend. The hotel is remodeled and the rooms are very adequate, the breakfast included in the room rate provided was really quite good with a broad assortment of food. The fitness room had relatively new equipment. The pool is really quite amazing. It is located within 5-7 minutes of Duval Street. Unlike some other reviews, we found that it was quiet and did not encounter any road noise. The free wifi worked quite well.
20. Overall this hotel was like staying at a motel 6. The room was so small I felt like the walls were closing in on me. The room also needed some heavy duty cleaning there was dust on the walls so thick that when the air conditioning was on the dust would blow everywhere. In the shower there was dirt in the corners yuck! We ended up checking out early because it did not feel like a safe place to stay with our family.
21. I stayed here with a friend using points. It's the closet of the Marriott hotels to Duval street at about 2 miles away. This hotel does not offer a free shuttle like the other Marriott properties, although it's only about a $10 cab ride down to Duval St. However, it does have a free continental breakfast. The hotel is on N Roosevelt Blvd, which is one of the main roads on the island. The area that it is in is a very commercial area (fast food restaurants, car dealerships, strip malls) but it seems like that is true for most of the chain hotels in Key West. We had a room with two doubles, facing the pool. All rooms appeared to have exterior entrances on the pool side and none appeared to have a personal balcony, just the exterior walkways. The appearance of the room was nice and modern, but the doubles are somewhat small, suites are certainly better. As with all Marriott hotels, the rooms were very clean and the staff were very friendly. The nicest thing about this hotel was its pool area. It was much nicer than I would expect for a Fairfield Inn. There was also an outdoor bar by the pool, I think it stayed open til 7pm. There were a few food/snack options at the bar, but it was mostly there for drinks. If I have the opportunity to stay in Key West again, I would certainly consider this hotel. However, I would likely choose the Courtyard for the free shuttle and slightly nicer rooms.
22. Booked a standard room, but could fortunately get a suite. The suites are great! Nice large bed, clean, separate desk and fridge. The standard rooms are very small and do not have any room to store luggage. Very friendly staff at the front desk. Coffee, soda, cookies all for free at the reception area. Great pool and okay gym. Lots of parking space. Just 5 minutes to the old town. Close to shopping and restaurant area's.
23. Nice tiles, fresh linen, and clean room. Safe environment. Beautiful pool. Knowledgeable staff helped us get around the island. Don't miss Mallory Square Sunset Celebration and the restaurants on Duval St., many do not accept American Express.Try the sunset catamaran and duo para-sailing. Had a great time! Noisy A/C but would stay again.
24. My husband and I did not know what to expect as we had not been to Key West before. This hotel was the cheapest of the chains hotels and we really weren't sure about the accomodations. We were greated by smiling, friendly staff - including the hotel manager - who immediately gave us a drink and mardi gras beads. We found that we had been upgraded to a suite - it was pretty sweet! The pool is georgeous with fountains spraying into the pool (which is heated :o) it made a swim perfect as it was a little chilly out). The room was very nice for the price. These are not 5 star accomodations, but they are the best for the price that you pay. We were able to park under the lights both nights we were there. We would definitely stay here again.
25. Our previous hotel offering was a serious disappointment. I booked this in a pinch. Arrived about a half hour after booking. They had all my info ready to go. Check in took all of 3 minutes. The girls were very friendly. Our room was over top of where we parked which was great because we were on a motorcycle. Our room was spotless! A/C was set so the room was cool and comfortable when walking in and not a wall of hot stale air. Bathroom was immaculate as was toilet and sink. Bed was comfortable. Linens were clean. Hotel staff was good about calling a taxi for us. Continental breakfast was okay in the mornings. Could have been better but hey, it was no extra charge! Scooter rental guy was a doll. Gave us a deal and we saved about $70 on two scooters for 8 hours. Gave a complete demonstration about operation of the scooters. Pool area was awesome! Lots of seating areas, chairs, towels, etc. Pool was clean. Pool cleaner guy was there at night taking care of pool. Bar was ok. Drinks were over priced....small plastic cup size frozen drink approx 8oz was $8.
26. We stay at Marriotts around the world but never in Key West. So we thought that we would take a chance on this hotel. What a great find. It is located right outside the downtown noise and traffic. Easy to get to all things in "Key West". The trolley stopped right in front of the door so we coud leave our car parked. The rooms are bright and ariy and they have the most spectacular pool with a BAR right beside the pool. Having a short swim and a great tropical drink in the sun was a bonus we did not expect. Love this hotel.
27. Rooms nothing special; not very spacious and "weird" bathroom. Nice breakfast buffet with a lot of different choices (only one type of tea, though). Good location. Friendly staff. We asked for a quiet room when booking online and we probably got the most quiet room at the hotel.
28. You get what you pay for! The A/C unit in our hotel room was so loud that we did not get one good nights sleep during our 3 night stay. It sounded like a jet plane taking off every time it kicked on. The bed was very squeaky. The pool was nice, but we did not use it. The breakfast was decent, only because it was free. Had standard continental breakfast items. Now, the biggest complaint........we had a problem with our bill and the Operations Manager, Jeff Emmett, was far from helpful and really needs to be trained in customer service. We had inquired about using a rewards certificate prior to our stay and we were told no problem. When it did not show up on our bill we went to the front desk and we were put into contact with Mr. Emmet. He was very short, told us that there was nothing that he could do, and further told us that there was no one in Marriott that we could call. Finally, he gave us a number to call. The Marriott customer service rep. was very nice and helpful. She asked me to put Mr. Emmett on the phone. He proceeded to argue with her telling her that there was nothing that he can do and and ended up hanging up on her (remember this was a fellow Marriott employee). He ended up fixing it for us, even though earlier he told us that there was not anything that he could do. We are very loyal Marriott customers and timeshare owners and this is not the kind of service that we are used to from Marriott. If this is a franchise, it is no way to represent the "Marriott" name.
29. This hotel is great. I stayed at the Casa Marina as well during my vacation and in terms of overall value, the Fairfield comes out top every time. The team at the front desk (Ildi, Nora, Kelly and Natalie) were simply awesome, recommending some wonderful trips, they were very friendly and always smiling. They made us feel welcome every time we entered the lobby area and they always called us by our names after we checked in. They are a great bunch of people. The free breakfast, parking and coffee and juice in the lobby just shows how this hotel is different from others In Key West - no rip extra charges. The pool area is fantastic and the rooms are always clean and adequate in terms of size. Thanks for helping us to enjoy our stay and have a great vacation. We will be back
30. My family and I stayed at the Fairfield Inn for one night last week. The pool and breakfast areas are certainly beautiful. The older rooms, which I was told were "gutted and redone", are still lacking. The door jamb was missing on the first room we were in so the noise from street traffic was unbelievable. The staff were very kind and moved us to a room toward the back. The noise from traffic was less but, the noise from the air conditioner kept us up most of the night. Try to get a suite in the new section of the hotel if booking at this location.
31. This Feb of 2008 my wife and I stayed with the Marriot Fairfield Inn and Suites. We had a wonderful time! Checking in was a breeze with the very courtious and respectful staff assisting us with our bags and the introduction to the islands offerings. The staff were able to help us with our planning of trips throughout the three days we stayed, they assisted us with our transportation needs, sunset cruises, and most importantly our resturant choices. Getting around the island, we though would be troublesome, but the staff told us about the new scooter and bike rental company on property, directly next to the pool. We stopped in at the rental place called AHI Rentals and found the rates to be very pleasing to our wallets, we rented two scooters and never had to pay for a cab or any type of parking during our whole trip (saved us so much money and time) The hotel has a wonderful breakfast for a limited selection, jimmy dean sandwiches, bagels, coffee and juices, fruits and cereals. Oh, and the pool! such a wonderful and enjoyable area around the compound. We found the rooms to be very cozy, the beds were comfortable for being away from our own bed at home, and the housekeeping cleaned everything. Checking out was also a so very simple. Under our door was our bill early in the morning. We did not even have to step into the lobby before leaving. High recommendation for the hotel and staff! Thank you very much
32. I work for a different hotel chain and have pretty high standards! I could not have been more pleased with our stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Key West! The service was wonderful. The lady who was at the front desk most of the time (she was from Hungry) remembered us and was awsome! She accomodated all of our requests. Our room was wonderful. The pool was always great, clean and relaxed. Pete was was always at the Tiki bar to help us out. On our 1st night he recognized that we were "new" and asked for our ID"s ... after that, he knew us by face! The breakfast was adequate and service still great as well! We did have to take a Taxi from the hotel to downtown, however met some great people with wonderful info as a result (Hi Ben from Israel!!). All in all I'd stay here again and give this hotel 2 thumbs up!! Great job! !
33. Almost all of Key West's lodgings are overpriced, so paying $137/night (including taxes) for an average motel/hotel room at the roadside Fairfield is not too bad. But the slightly worn-out rooms are not even as large as at a typical Best Western -- they also lack closets, and the furniture in ours was pretty rickety. Not many electrical outlets either. On the plus side, wi-fi, breakfast and parking are all free. The staff are really A+. From the friendly check-in clerks to the efficient housekeeping and maintenance, everyone who works here seems to genuinely care about guests enjoying their stay. Hurrah!
34. The Fairfield was overall a great hotel. I wish it was closer to all of the main attractions like Duval Street or the beaches. It got pricy to take cabs everywhere. The rooms are a bit small so definitely get a suite if you have more than 2 people. The pool area and tiki bar are fabulous with drink specials everyday. They have a nice business center in the lobby. The hallways are all outside and the rooms are detached from the lobby so the elevator was kind of far to drag the luggage to. I would stay here again only if I was looking to only relax by a pool. If you want to go to a beach or enjoy the nightlife, definitely stay somewhere closer to those areas.
35. What a fantastic staff. Don & Lindsey were life savers along with Jeff Emmett. My daughters trip would have been ruined not to mention in an unsafe situation if these folks had not gone out of their way to help me. I will always be grateful.
36. I really cant say too much about this place other than it is average. I think its easier to do a review in list format: Pro: -Reasonably priced - we paid $159 (without tax) on Jan 2, compared to $3-400 for the rest of Key West -Our check-in staff Andrea was super great and helpful. -Decent location - on the main highway right next to plenty of shopping. 5 minute drive to anywhere in Key West. Is right across from the harbor, so can walk across the highway and have a nice place to sit and watch. -Nice heated pool Neutral: -Breakfast was decent. Typical Fairfield Inn breakfast (however, gotta complain about the plates being so small - can you please supply plates that are at least the size of the waffles?) -Hotel is painted nicely. However, it really shows its age. Con: -Rooms are tiny! We stayed in a King Suite and the bedroom had little room for our luggage. We put the luggage in the living room" to be able to walk around the bedroom. -Mattresses are horrible! They are probably 10 years old? Every time my wife or I would move on the bed, it would squeak loudly. -Staff outside of lobby are not overly friendly. Seem too much in a hurry to even return my hello... -Seriously, can you please provide coffee throughout the day? Your staff is tired of coming up with excuses on why some days you have coffee in the lobby and others you dont. Im sure its a cost cutting measure, and some staff do go out of their way to help more than others, but get rid of the coffee makers in the room if that will bring back 24 hour coffee in the lobby. I would recommend this hotel to anyone mainly due to the value. If you have money to burn, stay closer to Duval Street. There are several nice inns down there, but they are pricey!
37. we arrived late in the evening and had problems finding a room... Mariott was fully booked but for one king... and Courtyard had no vacancy... so we checked in into a 2 queen family room. High season and high demand probably and being in Key West justified the 200 USD. Rooms off the mainroad are alright, but the AC noise is unbearable.. Negative: No wardrobe, a couple of hangers in the corner next to the washingbasin Negative: Curtain next to washbasin is merely hiding the pseudowardrobe and cannot be drwan, so no privacy. Negative: Room to small if suitcases have to lay, stand about the room. Difficult: Not well postsigned and difficult to find, evenings or nights Breakfast was included, basic but ok. We did not use pool, so no comment. Positive: Staff very friendly and helpful, no matter what time of day or night Positive: Free use of Computers in Lobby Positive: Nice Lobby Positive: Plenty of breakfast tables in the shade or in the open sun
38. -Visibility/Recognition from road needs to be better. Fairfiled sign in between 2 palm trees - I saw it the day I left. Another sign was obstructed by current construction items. I drove by twice looking for the motel. -Pool Area is beautiful. -Tables for breakfast needed to be wiped off initially and between uses - black film on the table i sat at -My room floor had a black film on surface. When I got in bed my feet bottoms were black. I took a tissue and wiped the floor - black. I asked the desk clerk the next morjning to be sure my room floor was mopped. It was. -Other than the floor, my room was fine. -Staff was helpful. accomodating and delightful. -Good location-, good access.
39. I travel to Key West regularly for work and always stay at the Fairfield Inn. It's a great hotel....good location, decent-sized rooms, delicious breakfast and an amazing staff. Nick, the sales manager, always tries to get me the best rates. In addition, everyone at the front desk is always helpful and there to greet you with a smile, especially Beata - she is extremely helpful and was able to quickly resolve booking issues i had the last time i checked-in. I totally recommend this hotel when you are in Key West either for business or pleasure!
40. Stayed for one night on a drop in and was a little shocked at the size and quality of the rooms. Marriott is my preferred chain and never disappoints... except this time. Nice friendly staff all around and good service. Nice grounds and decent pool. We did find ants around the sink in room 111 which was off putting. I wouldn't have minded sharing the room with them if we had had a bit more space. First time I have stayed at a Marriott that was so small and dated.
41. We took a 2 night 3 day vacation and stayed at the Fairfield Inn in January 2012. We travel a lot and really were impressed with how friendly the staff was and how bright and clean the property was. The pool was big with a lot of lounge chairs. This continental breakfast was amazing with so many wonderful choices . We especially enjoyed the healthy options of fresh fruit,yogurt,and hard boiled eggs.
42. We had an excellent experience at your Key West location. The staff was superb especially Olivia who provided the absolute best locations on the island to have great food and drink. This included helping us with reservations on a sunset cruise that we will remember for a life time. This was a long awaited vacation and even with the rain we had for the first 4 days we had an excellent time with the help of your friendly and curteous staff. They kept us smiling throughout.
43. Picked the Fairfield Inn mainly for their reputation and the rate. Turned out that it's about 2 miles from most of the downtown attractions (Duval St.). There are several buildings that make-up the property. The front buildings seem new, but the back two buildings have the look of an old 1950's motel that has been repainted and remodeled. We stayed in a room in one of these buildings -- very small room. I mean VERY small. However, it was clean. The "courtyard" pool was also nice, and seemed new. The "tiki bar" left something to be desired -- especially the bartender. He seemed a little bothered most of the time, and didn't seem to enjoy his position. Would've also been nice to have a waitress circling the pool, taking drink orders. Parking was OK at the hotel, but it's lack of proximity to Duval St. meant driving downtown and paying at least $10 per night to park there. Breakfast was normal Fairfield Inn fare. Price was right -- just nothing special about it. Not a bad place to stay though, even with some of the issues mentioned here.
44. I've been at all three of the Key West Marriott Hotels and this is my favorite for value and relaxation. Has a great relaxing pool layout, full continental+ breakfast and on this last visit a staff which worked harder than most travel agents finding some last minute activities and making the bookings for our family.
45. The hotel and staff were perfect for our weekend getaway. It was quiet, charming. We were celebrating my 50th birthday. We loved Key West. Great place to get away and have fun! The staff was so friendly and helpful. Our room was perfect and clean. Nice comfortable bed and amenities! We will definetely stay at the Fairfield Inn when we return to Key West!
46. We choose the Fairfield Inn for our stay because it was a lower price than the Duval street hotels. While the hotel is not new - (the room was small)- it has been renovated. Our room was clean, the bathroom was clean. The hotel lobby was nice and bright. The pool was beautiful and heated. Each morning the continental breakfast had cereal, muffins, fruit, breakfast sandwiches you could heat and the make your own waffles. The staff was friendly and accommodating. My only disappointment was that our room did not have a small refrigerator. After eating so many wonderful meals it was sad not to be able to take a go box. Also their bar closed at 7 pm. I was pleasantly surprised that we felt safe walking to Duval street and back later in the evening. Be aware that it is a full two mile walk- 1/2 hour at a good clip. There are scooters and bikes to rent at the hotel.
47. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. We had a one bedroom suite which was sufficiently roomy. The bed and the sofa both rated about 5 on a 1 to 10 comfort index. Bathroom was spacious. Internet service was excellent. The room and the property were clean and the pool area is very attractive. Parking is free with some covered parking. The free breakfast is typical Fairfield and is served in an open patio area. This hotel is not within easy walking distance of any restaurants or attractions.
48. Very nice property however the pictures on the website was a bit misleading as it gave the impression that the King Suite was much larger than the actual size. We got an end unit which the view from the suite was the concrete wall of the walk way.even when you open the shutters the lighting was poor. The manager Chris, should take a refresher course in guest relations as he was not very tactful in advising me at check that there was no AARP /AAA or Travel Agents rate available. He chose to yell this out very loudly in his response and within ear shot of the other guest who were waiting to check in. He also barked at me that the hotel was FULL. As a Marriott member and a Guest I was really appalled by his demeanor and tone. I will continue to book other hotels in the Marriott chain however not this location.
49. Over the last couple years the maintenance and cleaning crew has been slacking. The pool area used to be pristine, now the paver stones are dirty and downright ugly. The landscaping is not being maintained. It is overgrown is some places, dead in others. The outside of the buildings have mold and mildew on them. It needs a good cleaning, which in FL all buildings require a couple times per year. It is a smoke free hotel, but guests tend to sneak smokes in stairwells and in the under building parking, staff does not police this. The interior of the rooms is getting worn down, need a remodel. Overall they keep them up fairly well, some mold and mildew in the shower stalls, the floors are clean, as well as the bathroom counters, sink and toilets. Towels have gotten downright cheap, used to be thin, now they are almost see through. The free breakfast is a plus, especially the staff that works to provide it, they are always helpful and keep the area as clean as they can.
50. After we checked in we went to rent scooters from the onsite rental agent (separate business from the hotel). When we went to pay for the deposit on the scooter, to our amazement, our Debit card was declined. This only happens when our spending limit is increased for the day or more obvious we are out of money. Neither of these should have been the case because our room was prepaid months ago. So we had to pay $200 in cash for the deposit on the scooter. Upon further investigation the hotel mistaking charged us again for the hotel stay. We informed them of their error and they said they would credit the card. The problem is now our card is locked and we are left only with cash. I spent an outrageous amount of time talking to both the Hotel and my bank to clear up this error. It was not the way I wanted to spend the first day of my vacation. I talked to 4-5 people at the hotel and 2-3 people at my bank before it was finally resolved. VERY AGGRAVATING. 6 HOUR ORDEAL. The other very aggravating issue was the location of the ice machine. There is only one for the entire complex. It is located in the far back corner above the parking garage. It can only be accessed by stairs unless you are lucky enough to be located on the far wing of the complex. It's mind boggling that the Marriott would have only one ice machine for a complex of this size. The Hotel is located on a very busy, fast moving street that is noisy all time of the day and night. The pool area is very nice and large with several water features. The bar is located very close and is also nice. The shower was large and had very good water pressure. The hot water was nice and hot. Only one mirror in the room. This became a major inconvenience when we tried to get ready go in the A.M and P.M. The grounds were clean and well maintained. I would not return here.
51. We chose this hotel because it was reasonably priced and was walking distance to the marina we were going out of for Kiteboarding lessons every day. It is about a mile north of most of the main attractions and beaches of Key West. Conveniently there are bikes available to rent on site at a good rate. The breakfast in the morning is very nice: Good selection, great environment by the pool, complementary newspaper, and amazingly friendly staff. The pool area is very nice. Free WiFi. Restaurants, drug stores, and grocery stores are within walking distance. If you are looking for the Key West experience and are on a budget this is perfect. Definitely get what you pay for!
52. Spent the night here in Feb 2010. The hotel was what you’d expect to find at other Fairfield Inns. Parking/check in/pool all were fine. Continental breakfast was standard. Suite for 4 people was adequate. We had a king size bed which was nice. The kids used the fold out in a separate room (with TV). Water pressure was good. We couldn’t hear the highway from out location behind the pool. All tourist attractions in Key West are a good 10 min drive from the Fairfield. If you’re ok with that then it’s a fine place to stay. A few days here would be good here but if you’re down for a week, I’d look for a place with more amenities.
53. I love the laid back feel of the Keys! I have stayed in this hotel once before and loved it. So when I decided to plan a friends get together, I thought that the Fairfield in Key West was perfect. The staff is so hospitable, and the hotel was very reasonably priced and a good location. We had a good time at the pool and the bar is great. Everything was perfect, especially the yummy breakfast...I can't wait to go back next year!
54. Like others have said, the room is small, but for two normal size people, it's fine. Not recommended if you are 250 pounds + and require major room just to move around. My guess is that the people who make comments about the size of the hotel rooms are carrying a few extra pounds. The bathroom was very nice, very updated. In fact, the bathroom and shower are the nicest part of the room. If you are wondering about the walk to Duval Street, it does take some time. My friend and I are pretty fast walkers and in shape, but it probably took us @ 40 minutes to get down there. Don't walk all the way down Hwy 1 to Duval. Start on Hwy 1 then take a right on Palm Avenue then follow Eaton Street. It ends on Duval where all the action is. It's a big difference in time. But even this "angle" was still 40 minutes. Ask the hotel staff if unclear.
55. Being a Platinum Rewards member gets you 200 points at checkin, and that is it. We just came from Doral to visit for a few days in Key West, the other Marriotts here were sold out... courtyard and beachside. The reviews from earlier on the location and staff had me optimistic that there might be bright lights. Yes, the staff are welcoming. No upgrades here due to high occupancy in winter. Basic rooms, no frills. Bring your own soaps n shampoo is you are expecting high end products. This is not the Napa Fairfield if you have ben there, you know what I mean. No no, this is much more basic. We paid $187/night, free parking, free wifi, second floor in building with no elevators, view of pool king bed and pull out sofa. No patio. Free breakfast, Marriott inn usual. Sink could use renovation. Glass shower with tile. Atleast tv was flat panel. Sofa needs to be thrown out. Mattress needs to be replaced. It is a basic fairfield inn. The price is standard for winter in Key west. There is laundry and bike rentals on site. The staff here try their best to do what thy can with what there is. If you need perks and newer accomodations, this is not it. It is the Keys, go have a drink and relax.
56. We really liked this hotel, nice swimming-pool area, very nice staff !! The only complain it's the noise of the street (Rosevelt Blvd), very noisy at night ! but anyway not a fault from the hotel. Free parking, no hidden extra charge, they gave us a second cocktail for free at the swimming-pool bar. The breakfast was simple but quality was there, you can make yourself some waffles.
57. I am lifetime platinum with Marriott and booked my room on reward points. The hotel has a lot going for it. Great staff....one of the friendliest and most helpful anywhere. There's also a large, clean, pool situated in very inviting surroundings. Another plus is an above-average complimentary breakfast buffet served poolside. In the afternoon, the breakfast area adjoining turns into a fun and friendly Tiki Bar....also very nice. Location is about a 5-10 minute drive from Duval Street shopping, dining, and nightlife. (Cabs are fairly plentiful and relatively cheap), The only problem here during my stay was the room. Clean, bright, and equipped with comfy bedding, but very small. We had three people (me, wife, and young adult son), and we kept bumping into each other. Very little storage space for luggage, etc. I did notice that they had what appeared to be larger rooms and suites. So my advice would be to book one of those (and expect to pay a little more), unless you're traveling solo, not planning spending time in the room (this IS Key West), or otherwise don't mind having limited space.
58. This place has clean, well maintained small rooms and a fabulous pool. They have a decent free breakfast each morning too. Unless you like a good 40 minute walk downtown you probably want to drive or get a cab to Duval or the marina. We did the walk and it wasn't bad at all; even in the heat. This is a solid choice and I would definitely go back again. Nothing fancy, but clean, and a great pool. What else do you need in Key West?
59. I must say, almost as great as the comforts of your own home. Being that this was my first time to The Keys, I thought I would be disappointed not being right there in the center of all the action on Duval Street. Wow, I'm glad I wasn't in the middle of the action. If I choose to go back to The Keys, Fairfield Inn would be my choice of hotel.
60. If you book rooms at name brand hotels because you don't want surprises when you arrive, look somewhere else. Although the main building appears to be relatively new construction - as you might expect if you've stayed in Fairfield Inns in the past - most of the rooms here are in much older buildings that had obviously been built long before Marriott took over. Although the room was clean, it was extremely small and not very well appointed. The pool area was nice but the parking area (most of it under the guest rooms on the exposed first floor) filled up quickly. Everything had a new coat of paint, but the place just had a tired, run-down feel to it. I will say, the staff were wonderful and because of them I have to give the hotel an overall "Average" rating. If this hotel was on a small Caribbean island it would be a gem, but in Key West I think I could have done better.
61. This hotel had one handicap parking spot out front, and only one entrance with a ramp to the rooms/pool area. To make someone in a wheelchair go from one end of the resort to another in order to reach a ramp is just not acceptable these days. I paid $60 more at this hotel than my hotel on Duval Street which offered an amazing cooked to order breakfast and great accessibility. The breakfast was far from good at Fairfield, and the workers were annoying trying to sell excurisions. I will definitely plan in advance to not have to stay with Fairfield again.
62. We chose this location because we were trying to stay out of the excitement, as we had our kids with us. The hotel is about two miles from Duval Street and the sunset at Mallory Square, which is a very easy ride. The facility was very nice, especially as compared to other Fairfield Inns. The pool was beautiful, with nice fountains and a great outdoor bar, and the bartender Mike was a super guy. The lobby was very classy, and the free breakfast offered more choices than most similar places. The rooms looked fresh and were clean. We actually used Marriott points for this one - so the room was free, and I'm not sure what the price would have been. We did not do it, but I would have felt safe leaving the kids in the room and hitting the town for a few hours at night time.
63. warm welcome;great poolside bar, great pool;nice room, clean everything; nice free breakfst buffett poolside; and the bonus not expected? They have Moped rental at the activity desk, and Mopeds on hand and ready to go. We got 2 and they were nice, new, and pretty reasonable.
64. VERY SMALL room: not up to marriott standards. Had to cahnge rooms because the ceiling was falling down, hair in the towels, and a large wad of hair in the room hair dryer. The shower had mol d spots in the ceiling and the shower tile was so slippery that it was a hazard to take a shower, must have used VERY unskilled labor as the sharp corners of the tile proturded in the shower and tile that was away from the wall and no grouted was full of gunk. Extremely disappointed in the room, although the help was very nice as was the outdoor area.
65. This hotel was not far from downtown and activities - about two km from Duval Street. Pool and room were beautiful. The bed was very comfortable. Continental breakfast was very good. Staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was next to US, which made it quite noisy at times. I would definitely stay at the Fairfield again and recommend it as well.
66. My boyfriend and I chose to stay here for his brothers wedding this past weekend. The main reason is because we got a free night with points. We stayed four nights in a king room. It was nice but we were a little disappointed because the room was a lot smaller than we thought it was going to be. I recommend upgrading to the king suite to give yourself more room. The shower was really nice and the room was clean. The bed was comfortable also. We also very much enjoyed the pool. Big, clean, and cheap drinks from the tiki bar. The major downside was that it was so loud every morning and hard to sleep in. We heard the same noises every morning. Housekeeping going up and down the hallway and banging around and the roosters around constantly crowing. The AC in our room was very loud as well. I'm not sure if I would stay here again but would recommend it if noises don't bother you.
67. Great hotel, great location, nice and quite. Our room was small but even with that, the room was very clean and comfortable. The hotel pool was very nice - I don't think I have ever seen a Fairfield Inn with a pool that large and fancy. The free breakfast was excellent and a great bargin. Also, the staff was outstanding... very friendly and helpful with everything (from check-in to local sights). We would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend this hotel.
68. we stayed at this hotel Nov 4-6th and had no problems. From the time I walked into the Lobby (greeted with a cup of juice) to the time of checkout the staff was friendly, helpful and always smiling. The continental breakfasts here were wonderful. Huge variety of choices and fresh selections. Pool area was great for our family (traveling with 5 year old and 2 year old). Room was huge but it was big enough and very clean and comfortable. We had a room away from the street so I can't complain about noise. Honestly for the money this was a fantastic hotel and would definitely recommend and choose it again in the future. If you are looking to be on Duval street you need to drive or taxi cab. However, we had children so it wasn't our top priority to stay out late and be in the heart of the action.
69. We usually do not like to stay any hotel having doors opened to outside. We did not realize it until we got over there. But we decided to give it a try. The staff was very nice, and updated our room to 2-room suite for free. Free Internet and free breakfast were also available. The tour bus stops in front of the hotel, and you may ask the receptionist for more information. She also helped us to book tickets to Dry Tortugas National park. The pool is a very beautiful one.
70. far from duval street and no free shuttle despite the marriot courtyard up the road providing one. pool is nice and breakfaast assortment was better than anticipated. i suspect we were in the older part of the hotel with a double room. it was clean but window opened to walkway so no privacy and room was tiny, no desk etc. we were originally going to stay 2 nights but at $359/night, no way. we were abe to get a special rate at the casa marina resort for $379/night with a $100 credit for resort acgtivities etc and it included a complete breakfast buffet. Maybe a studio suite at this hotel could barey justify their price but certainly not a room on par with a Days Inn
71. This hotel served a wonderful free hot and cold breakfast. Plenty of free parking, some covered. The pool is HUGE! The regular room was so small that our family of 4 could barely walk around. The regular room did NOT have micro or fridge. The beds were FULL, not queen, and there was barely room for the 2 beds. We are platinum elite with Marriott so we asked to be upgraded to a suite as soon as possible and 2 days later we got a suite for no charge. The suites were 2 room; large and spacious. A spacious living with a sleeper couch, fridge, microwave, table, 2 chairs, business desk, and desk chair. In addition there was a lounge chair and a coffee table. The TV was flat panel. There could have been more channels. In the bedroom, the beds were clean and comfortable but a little soft for my back. The bath was very small with a modern tiled shower- no tub. The bedroom is separated from the living by a glass, curtained, locking door. The windows did not open and did not have curtains. They did have nice shutters.
72. The hotel isn't located in the 'main strip' BUT it is within easy walking distance - a nice leisurely (and safe) walk (or if you're not inclined then a cheap taxi ride). The staff are great, even assisting in booking our day trip to Dry Tortugas (Fort Jefferson); a MUST do.
73. Room was clean, liked the separation of toilet/glass shower and the sink. Thank you! Breakfast was a pleasant surprise with lots of options. Pool area was nice with well-kept landscaping. Rent a bike (I recommend Eaton closer to downtown - they have lights) and enjoy the ride into town - cheaper than taxi's in the end and not too long of a ride. Be sure to have a light on your bike since it's illegal not to after dark.
74. Management and staff were very pleasant and helpful. However, the building is old, rooms are small and dark, A/C is too loud to keep on at night, walls are thin, walkways run along outside all the rooms hence much pedestrian noise, hotel is situated very close to highway US1 and thus noisy, room towels should have been replaced many years ago!!!! I would not stay here again.
75. Jimmy Buffett might have stayed here, and he would have easily found that lost shaker of salt in these very small (RV sized) rooms! So small that you could easily pole vault from the beds to the bath and back in a single attempt (I did not attempt it) The room had plantation shutters and no drapes so we enjoyed ambient LED lighting from outside all night. In the finest highway gas station rest room tradition the sink had neglected to have a drain stopper, a bow to water conservation or whatever, The toilet had an interesting sign on the lid proudly proclaiming its inefficiency with high contents. All this for ONLY $279 per night!. Staff were great, however. Breakfast good as well. Think small, stay here!
76. Great service, very nice rooms, (outdoor entrance to rooms) beautiful & very large pool surrounded by palm trees & shrubs so it's somewhat secluded from view. Very nice breakfast next to the pool. Only down side is it's located on a very busy/noisy highway ( the main highway in & out of Key West) & is about 2 miles from downtown Key West. I think almost all of the rooms are set back off the highway far enough to keep the noise to a minimum & also the rooms have a continuos fan option on the air conditoning system to muffle any highway noise. A good choice would be a room set back as far as possible from the highway but still overlooking the pool. The Old Town Trolley is the way to go to get downtown. They stop every half-hour at The Fairfield & 11 other stops on the island between 9am & 4:30 pm. It costs about $29.00. (It was good for 2 days which may have been a special being offered while I was there.) You'll need to take a cab back to the hotel after trolley is done for the day (about $11.00) There is a grocery store & shopping center within walking distance. Overall a great hotel to stay at if you don't mind being 2 miles from downtown.
77. I've stayed at the Fairfield previously and booked this trip for a retirement celebration with a family member. The staff made us feel like we were staying in a private home. They could not have been friendlier. Many staff members are from other countries but speak beauftiful english and told us charming stories of their countries. It was quite interesting. They told us they appreciated us speaking to them because it helped them learn about our country as well. Our car stayed parked at the Inn and we took local transportation to downtown Key West so we didn't have the hassle and worry of parking our car or driving in "season" traffic. The best way to travel. We could have rented bikes, but we took buses and taxis - cheap! GO! You'll love every minute!
78. Don't understand rationale for Fairfield Inn custom of NOT placing water cups in the same room as the water tap! One arrives at room thirsty, finds a water tap in the bathroom but then finds that he/she needs to try to cup hands together to have a simple drink of water! Frustrated, the still thirsty traveler now starts a 'where are the cups" hunt? Is there some logical reason why water cups should not be placed in the same room as the water source? Also puzzled at Fairfield's practice of NOT putting water cups in the same room as the water tap? The thirsty traveler arrives at the hotel, finds the water tap in the bathroom. but no cups!? The immediate alternative is to cup hands to drink! Or leave the bathroom and embark on a cup search elsewhere in the apartment! I am at a loss to guess the reason for thus incovenient strategy ?? ?
79. While in Key West we prefer to stay at B&Bs near downtown, the Fairfield Inn & Suites is an acceptable alternative despite being more than two miles from Duval Street. My wife and I stayed there for three nights smack during high-priced, high-tourist season. The cost, however, was reasonable given the season. While Fairfields are in many respects average hotels, what sets this one apart is the knowledgeable, friendly staff. For instance, their recommendations of restaurants and attractions were terrific. They were most accommodating in every respect. In fact, they sought out their guests to be sure they were comfortable and had everything they needed. Our room was small but clean and stocked with all the amenities we would need. The AC was noisy when it came on. The pool area was of a quality one would expect at a four-star hotel. The outside bar and adjacent continental breakfast area spacious. All in all, if we couldn't be closer to the action downtown, the Fairfield did nicely.
80. We drove in looking for a room with no reservation on christmas eve.a lil pricier then I wanted but was worth it! Great pool and tiki bar.excellent continental breakfast.staff was accommodating and patient with my kids.doesn't look like anything from the front but a great place to stay.it is away from the square though.but was still worth it!
81. first of all. hotel prices are high in Key West in general. You can compare it to New York. The location of this hotel is next to the main road and that causes a considerable amount of noise. Staff was generally friendly despite the fact that the manager started an argument with us in the lobby. for our part the whole thing with giving out discount coupons for places to drink (buy one drink, get one for free) reminded us of party-charter-tourism to Ibiza, and takes away the exotic experinence of going to Key West. It underlined that if you want to see something enjoyable in Key West you better be drunk, which is not the fact at all. Key West is a place to visit no doubt. Lots of stuff to do, and plenty of amazing restaurants offering high class seafood. The restaurant neither had a lactose nor a gluten free selection of food, and the breakfast reminded me of prior experiences at Holiday Express or Days Inn. There are plenty of hotels in Key West. This one would definitely not be my 1st choice for my next stay.
82. Small rooms with extremely comfortable beds. Plenty of towels and the room was clean. Good free breakfast with plenty of selections. Free parking in the hotel yard. I can recommend staying here but remember it is pretty far from all the action in central Key West. You will need a car to go to the bach and downtown or take a taxiwherever you go. Not so many things within walking distance except for some shops and restaurants (like Friday´s). One thing I did not like; We stayed on the 2nd floor. The railings had a note attached "Please do not lean on railing" and I felt like the railing could fall down any minute! This made me feel a bit unsafe when walking there with my 2 year old daughter. However I still feel I can recommed this hotel, staff was helpful and rooms comfortable.
83. Friendly, helpful staff and nice clean rooms that include amenities like walk-in showers & mini-fridges plus the bed was extra comfy. Had a room that faced US 1 and it was a bit noisy, but not to the point of annoyance and it did not disturb our sleep. Lack of elevator in our wing made lugging the suitcases up and down the stairs a chore. This was only an inconvenience not worth getting upset over as the staff was more than willing to help. Breakfast included in the room and it was the typical "Continental" fare served in most hotels in the Fairfield class. The hotel's General Manager was on hand to greet guests and make sure they were taken well care of which was a nice touch. All-in-all, a very good value compared to the closer-in but much pricier alternatives. I would stay again.
84. My husband and I stayed here for 5 days while vacationing in Key West. The room was really clean and well stocked. The pool is absolutely amazing, almost like you were staying at a resort. There were only two things I would change. The first thing is I would have loved a hot tub. The second thing, which was not the fault of the hotel, were the random roosters that wandered outside, making all kinds of noises in the early morning hours. However, the beautiful tiling and awesome bathroom made up for those two things! We will definitely stay here again!
85. Despite reading other reviews stating that the rooms were very small, we booked a suite for our 3 day stay in Key West. The property is off the beaten track and easily located. Our first impression was that we were not going to enjoy the Fairfield Inn. However, the building where you checkin was very nice and the desk clerks very helpful. The pool was very nice and the lobby inviting, so we figured that we would be OK. We were assigned a suite on the first floor. However, the first floor requires stairs/elevator--not good for persons with physical impairments. The Fairfield Inn has exterior corridors, which presents safety issues. Upon entering the unit, we were shocked at the cavelike atmosphere. Not only was the "suite" extremely small, but with very low ceilings and little light, it had a claustrophobic feeling. The bedroom was decent sized, with tile floors and a king bed. The bathroom was huge--especially considering how small the room was. The pie shaped " living room" had a sleeper sofa and built in refrig/microwave. The problem with this arrangement is safety. Not only is the sleeper sofa near the entrance, but right above it is a window on the exterior corridor, making it easy for child snatching . Also of concern is a fire issue---with the sleeper sofa opened, there is no way to walk around it in the event of a fire. Because of the safety issues, we checked out of the Fairfiled Inn . The desk clerk, Kelly, was very understanding and gracious and offered to move us. But because all of the rooms had exterior entrances, we chose to decline her offer.
86. For my first trip to Key West we decided to stay at the Fairfield Inn and Suites - I was extremely disappointed in the rooms. I thought that they were exceptionally small. Our room was located near the elevator and we were kept awake most of the first night of our stay by everyone returning from the bar in the middle of the night. The next day we did relocate to a room along the back of the hotel - so our view was only of the parking lot but at least it was quiet. Pool area was great as was the breakfast but by Marriott standards - this was certaintly not a category 5 hotel. My next trip back to Key West in April was definitely not spent at the Fairfield.
87. The Fairfield is a smart and well run hotel on the outskirts of Key West. It's easy to find on the main ring road into the City, but a little awkward due to there being a limited bus service and around 1.5miles from the main City centre. The Key West trolley tour makes a stop outside every 30min though, which is good if you're not into walking. Staff are very courteous and professional. Checking in and out a breeze. The lobby has free coffee (certain times only) and free internet. Free parking is also available to the rear of the hotel. Rooms are well appointed with large comfortable beds and a 'nautical' themed decor (to match the area you're staying in I guess!!). Air con was somewhat noisy and intrusive in both of our rooms, but worked well. The free breakfasts were ample and in a pleasant outdoor environment, and the pool deserves a mention as it's one of the best. All in all a pleasant hotel, a tad expensive and remote for the City, but fine for us.
88. The front desk people were very helpful and friendly. I liked that our room had a tile floor and not carpeting. The bed was very comfortable and even though we brought our own pillows, we didn't need them because the pillows they had were fine. We also had extra towels and got bigger towels for the pool. Breakfast was more than adequate and the pool area was very enjoyable. We were only sorry that the pool didn't have a hot tub too.
89. Our stay at the Fairfield was very pleasant. The front desk staff was very helpful and greeted us with sample strawberry daiquiris upon arrival. We were also given a handful of coupons for buy one get one free deals at local clubs and restaurants (mostly for drinks). They also gave us multiple phone numbers for taxi services and the bus schedule. The bus picks up right near the hotel. We were equipped with a map of Key West and the man at the desk was very kind to explain all of the different areas. The hotel also has a list of restaurant recommendations, which are staff favorites. Unfortunately the bus doesn't travel too late. We stayed in a two room suite that was very clean. The living room area was a tad small and the layout awkward, but it was alright. The master suite was very large with a huge comfortable bed with clean white sheets. The bathroom was also very clean. The continental breakfast was average - waffles, Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, fruit, juice, hard boiled eggs, cereals are some of the items I remember. The pool area was very nice. The chairs were arranged to make you feel like you were at a private pool. There was a tiki bar (only open until 7 PM); the bartender wasn’t too friendly. The Duval street is not far from the hotel, only a couple of minutes by car. I would not walk. There is also a many franchise restaurants and grocery stores nearby. We only paid $130 a night, so our room was a bargain!
90. Our stay at the Fairfield Inn in Key West was a very pleasant one. All of the attendants were so friendly and helpful. It was unfortunate that our stay could not have been longer, maybe next time and I certainly would consider staying at the Fairfield again. Thank you, Cheryl Hille
91. looking on the map this looks like a nice out of the way location. Wrong. It would seem that the road running along the front of the hotel is one of the main roads into Key West. First room seemed was not a suite as described when I booked it and you could put your fingers into the gap around the front door. There was so much road noise that there might as well have not been a front door. We immediately went back to reception and complained. We had to wait 15 mins but were then given a room on the first floor with a front door that did keep the noise out but was still traffic facing (maybe they keep the better rooms for families staying for more than 1 night).Tthe room was very nice and in a good state of repair. If you call a larger room with a double bed and a sofa bed a suite then you will not be disappointed. I do not so I was. The buffet breakfast was ok for free as long as you do not have high expectations and you don't mind sitting in an open covered area with only fans and no a/c (not so good as it was 89 degrees at 0800). You do sit along side a lovely pool though, one of the better features of this hotel. Also the free plentiful parking (some even under cover) is also one of the better features of the hotel. My suggestion, ask for a room at the back of the hotel and things will be fine.
92. When I called Fairfield Inn I was told the hotel was situated at the beach but in fact it was a mile away - very disappointing. Had I known that in advance I wouldn’t have booked it. My second disappointment was the poor breakfast selection. Third - no gift shop. Fourth - unpleasant bike/scooter rental service. And finally, some of the stuff members were overly attentive. I would stay there again.
93. Overall really good hotel, good location, nice rooms even though they were missing some amenities in the rooms (no fridge for example). Even though I rarely use the pool when on vacation because I prefer touring the touristic locations, I have to say the pool area was very charming. You can take your breakfast by the pool which is surrounded by a lush tropical garden, making your experience very enjoyable. Staff was friendly, rooms were clean. The only negative might be the location. While it is nicely located in Key West (easy access - plus the island is small of course :), it is not by the beach if this is what you are looking for.
94. As I write this review, I am currently in a room in the hotel. Too much road noise and the loud AC have kept me awake so far. 1st impression was not good - even my 6 year old commented that the hotel looked like a red roof inn. 1st room got flooded - was shifted to another room. I am not impressed with this hotel at all. For the money that I paid (160$), I have stayed in far better marriotts in the past. My outlook of marriott has now changed and I will need to be very careful when I select a marriott in the future. I hope that the Sales Manager reads this review and offers me a nice complimentary something to make up for my stay.
95. I visit Key West once a month. I have stayed in a number of places on the island. This is the best value I have found. The rooms are nice. The location is close enough to the fun spots, yet far enough away that you can actually park your car at your own hotel. (For free and under cover) The staff has always been energetically friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. To keep it fair; the rooms are not brand new but they are clean and in good repair. The one thing I’d like different is a restaurant within walking distance. But I’ve stayed at those places and they are not as good a hotel.
96. I can't say enough about the staff at the Fairfield. The best customer service I've had in a long time! They were very helpful recommending restaurants and activities. They also have THE BEST POOL AND BAR, which is top priority for me, considering the poor beaches @KW. We rented a scooter right on the property, which is KEY! ONLY complaint...rooms could use a little update;)
97. I booked this 4 night February stay on Priceline and was awarded this hotel. I was happy to get it from previous reviews and they didnt disappoint. They are in a decent location with grocery and other stores nearby with a 5min bike ride to Duval street. Our room was a bit small but was spotless. The pool area and tiki bar while not spectacular did the job very well. The free Wifi at the hotel worked flawlessly. A big plus was the free parking and large selection for continental breakfast. The breakfast area had your basic fruits,cereals,Jimmy Dean breakfast items,juices/coffee,yogurts,waffles,USA Today newspaper and other items. There is a moped and bike rental kiosk onsite also. The from desk staff and other staff may have been the best Ive ever encountered. Kudos to Mirella(sp) I was hoping for the Casa Marina,Reach,Hyatt or Westin when I was bidding on Priceline. They didnt work out and I was given this gem. Thanks for a great stay.
98. We stayed in one of their suites and while the master bedroom was large, the second room with the pullout couch was not. Service was courteous and "happy". However, we had to call three times and deal with multiple visits from the staff before we received sheets and a bed cover for the pullout bed. The room windows are not darkened in any way. Lots of sunlight comes into it. Not good. Finally, the walls are paper thin, we could hear our next door neighbors and because all rooms face an outdoor walkway we would hear everyone that walked by.
99. My husband and I stayed here in June 2011 on a vacation trip to Key West- and found we made an excellent choice from among the many options available! The entire hotel is very clean and neat and our room (a King studio) was lovely, nicely decorated, and bright. The bed was comfortable and the private balcony overlooking the pool a nice plus. Bathroom was more spacious than most hotels of this type, and tile floors throughout the room were a welcome change from difficult to keep clean carpeting we've encountered at other places. Service from the staff was truly outstanding and always friendly! Everyone we encountered went out of their way to make our stay pleasant and to offer suggestions on how to best enjoy Key West! The pool is lovely (actually as nice as pictured on the hotel website!) with lots of seating available and features a poolside tiki hut that serves a daily reasonably priced drink special along with its regular full bar menu. A poolside limited buffet breakfast was included each morning; food was fresh and menu included a couple of non-standard items along with the typical cereal, fruit, and make-it-yourself waffles. The hotel is located about 2 miles from the "downtown action"- but the ease of free parking onsite and sight-seeing trolley that stops there frequently make up for that small inconvenience. This is an entirely nonsmoking hotel- something my husband and I especially appreciated! One drawback for some might be the lack of elevator to the second floor rooms in some areas of the hotel. Although there is no restaurant onsite there are numerous restaurants in the area from which to choose.
100. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted with refreshments and big smiles from the staff. Throughout our visit, the staff was very attentive and very friendly. Breakfast bar was fantastic. The drive from the hotel to Mallory Square and Duval Street was about 5-7 minutes. Bicycle and/or scooter rental was available from the hotel. Rooms were nice and clean. Had a problem with the air conditioner, but service technician was there to correct problem within 5 minutes of calling the front desk. Couldn't ask for any better service.
