1. I just came back from Rome after spending 4 nights in Cicerone. I would say this hotel deserves maybe 3 and a half or almost 4 stars. Location is just excellent - walking distance to Trinita dei Monti, Piaza Navona, Trastevere, Campo do Fiori, Vaticano, Fontana di Trevi, Pantheon. I walked and walked every day and it was really comfortable to stay in Cicerone to reach all those places in a very short time. Breakfast was rather average then good although the buffet was full of products. My room was placed on the 8th floor (attic) so the lift goes to 7th floor only and then stairs, what was no problem at all for me - I could walk even more for this low price which was half price then - special price. Rooms in the attic were rather small, but comfortable enough, bathroom was also O.K. besides the shower tube was not working good. There where rather small windows in the top part of the room, but it was not important to me to have big windows as I spent each day outside of the room. Generally good hotel with some negative points.
2. We stayed at this property on Oct 22,2006 for 1 nite. We went sight seeing for 4 hrs. During this time you turn in your key and retrieve it upon return of your tours etc. We locked our wallet and personal papers in the locked safe. Upon check-out we discovered money missing from the wallet. Thinking we made a mistake we boarded our plane and flew home. When I checked my credit card I discovered they had also stolen my husband;s card and proceeded to use it on the day of our departure. Fortunately I had notified our cc company as to my date of return and flagged the card. When you turn your key back to the front desk they know who is coming and going and for maybe how long. Therefore they can gain entry to the rooms and have passcodes to the safe. As I am a property manager I do know how this works. Therefore we will only stay at properties with electronic locks that can be traced or keep the key with us. DO NOT , turn in your keys unless you are checking out of any property. This is a green light for robbery. The property itself was nice but the security is faulty. I did notify the GM regarding this matter and the cruiseline that booked us there to investigate.
3. 4 star? well the beautiful hotel next door was definitely 4 star - maybe more - but the Cicerone falls far short. Main problem is lack of invetsment so I guess it belongs to some group or an investment firm whose managers stay some place else. The rooms that have become too dirty or threadbare have had their carpets removed and that begets a sound problem... For goodness sake - go buy a rug. Breakfast was dismal - a good enough looking selection of continental style ingredients but standard very poor and the coffee undrinkable. The location is good and the hotel probably survives on that alone.
4. We stayed a few nights at this hotel as a part of a tour group. The hotel staff seemed put off or indifferent to answer questions many travelers may have. The internet site on the main floor may or may not work, again, the hotel staff couldn't be bothered with that trivial matter. The rooms were clean and well maintained and was quite comfortable. Breakfasts were OK, and we never did eat in the main dining room or bar. Overal, this hotel is well kept, clean, and comfortable. Hotel Cicerone is situated in a great location. There are a number of gelato shops and restaurants nearby. An outdoor market is not far. Around the corner from Cicerone is a nice coffee shop which has much better cappucino than the hotel. Cicerone is within a short walking distance from Castle S. Angelo, The Vatican, and Piazza Novona. Across the street is a quaint pizzaria for a quick meal. I've had better house wine, but pleasant to sit outdoors and enjoy a meal. Despite the neutral attitude of the hotel staff, I would recomend this hotel, and would definately stay there again.
5. Hotel is a 10 minute, easy walk to the central Piazza and not far from Vatican City. Was there for 2 nights as part of a tour, so did not try the restaurant onsite. We did get a breakfast buffet that was good, with a lot of choice. Hotel is old, feels like the 70's, but very clean. Front desk staff is accomodating. Rugs in the rooms are old and like sandpaper! Room size is not bad for a European hotel.
6. Room 745 in the Cicerone (and perhaps others) is like a sauna if the temperature is over 50. The answer is," turn off the heat and open the window. There is no air conditioning in Italy until May". We are smart enough to know to turn off the heat! We opened the window and the curtains in the hope of getting a tiny breeze (which over looks a courtyard, so we sacrificed privacy). It was a sweat box at any time, day or night. This is a sophisticated, busy hotel and there is no excuse for them not finding a solution to this problem, even if it means turning on the a/c.
7. This was my first trip overseas and being a very particular person, I was quite concerned that the European hotels would not be comfortable. I was VERY happily surprised by the Cicerone! The room was larger than expected, though it did have twin-sized beds. I was actually quite comfortable and they provided me with the number of pillows that I requested immediately. The closet was exceedingly small, but they gave me tons of extra clothes hangers and there was a cul-de-sac in the wall that we used for folded garments and even our suitcases. All in all, more than enough space to be comfortable. The bathroom was larger than those in most American hotels and was very clean. Lots of counter space and we had no trouble storing our toiletries. We didn't eat at the restaurant as there are SO many fantastic options within TRUE walking distance. But we did have a pre-dinner drink every night at the bar. Gianni (spelling?) is the BEST bartender I've ever seen. Funny, professional and informative. He had me hooked on an Italian apertif called Martini Bianco. Try it on ice! Your room key is on a huge brass ball and you drop it off at the front desk as you leave each day. The funny thing, is that anyone can ask for any room key and RECEIVE it! I did this deliberately just to see what would happen. Oh well, the in-room safe worked and I never, ever felt uncomfortable. I've read a lot of poor reviews about the breakfast buffet and I can't say the food was the best but there was never a line and we enjoyed the juice, melba toast and other pastries. I'd highly recommend just walking into a local bar for a coffee and pastry instead. Very inexpensive. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and that's very high praise coming from me!
8. This hotel is well located and the lobby looks exactly like the photo on this web. But the rooms in the photo appear large and they are not. They are small. The air conditioning was shut off at 9 p.m. one of the two nights there and not turned back on til 9 a.m. the next morning. That day the temperatures reached 87 degrees and to say that the room was stuffy is an understatement. The staff could be very friendly or arrogant. Ice Machine was broken for a period of time as well and when I went to the bar to beg for some ice I was told that if he gave me ice, then he couldn't work, so NO. There is no courtyard or rooftop area to relax in when you are not touring or running around. I would not return to this hotel. For the price that we paid, Cicerone did not meet our expectations.
9. Staying at the Cicerone Hotel was great for a solo female traveler. I felt very safe in this area of Rome both during the day and at night. However, it is also advisable for couples or couples with older children. The hotel is located within easy walking distance of the Vatican and St. Angelo's Castle. You can cross the bridge in front of the castle and catch a hop on/hop off bus on the street corner for a 2 hour ride through the city. The concierge is fantastic. He will make excellent recommendations for restaurants and for shopping, depending on your budget. Also, he is very willing to call a cab for a quick ride to any desired location. My only complaint was the fairly small size of my hotel room, but the bathroom was average size. However, that would not stop me from staying here again as I did not go to Rome to stay in my room.
10. My first stay at Hotel Cicerone was 1989, I've never stayed any where else in the center of Rome since. I was there again on business early Jan. 2012, greeted by the friendly familiar team at the front desk, my room was clean, as always, and very reasonable. Gianni and Marco at the bar are extremely helpful, professional and "good guys"! Great location, great staff and reasonable I will continue to book at Cicerone! Pete Ettinger Albuquerque, NM USA
11. Positives: Good location, within walking distance to St. Peter's Square & Castel de San Angelo. Hotel room was very clean. Good buffet breakfast selection. Reception staff efficient. Restaurants, ATMs and shops nearby. Has a bar that opens til late. Negatives: Room I stayed in was directly opposite the lifts and front windows faced out onto the street so it got a bit noisy. I could hear the traffic on the street and people outside waiting for lift. However, other friends had rooms towards back of the hotel away from the street and lifts so their rooms were very quiet.
12. Perfect location between The Vatican & Piazza Navona! Very clean, Great AC! Defies rule of thumb to deduct a star from hotel expectations in Italy: Cicerone should be 4 stars! Breakfast average & busy, but sufficient,and coffee served however you like it. Cicerone staff were helpful,friendly, & efficient. Great hotel and great value for money. Would definitely stay there again if in Rome! A few reviews complain about hard wood floors in the rooms. I was absolutely thrilled - the floor is well-maintained and much more easily cleaned than carpetting = hygenic improvement. It, also, makes it feel a bit cooler during the summer heatwaves. Restaurants within walking distance. Checked-in hungry at 11:30 p.m., concierge phoned Ambasciatore di Capri restaurant around the corner to stay open to feed us. Sneered at the tourist menu, but the food was fresh & delicious, decent wine, and not over priced. More eateries on Via Cola di Rienzo, & on side streets toward Piazza Cavour. Tip: October 2006, Rome passed a fixed fee ordinance for airport taxis into the city [Ciampino 30 euros,FCO 40]. But there’s no enforcement! Taxis want double that to pay for their return to the airport. Airport bus to Termini (train station) 6 euros, than taxi 15 euros to Cicerone. Inquire if the hotel arranged taxi pick-up if it would be cheaper. If not, and you’re arriving late, with small children or have mobility issues, best bet is to pay the doubled taxi rate.
13. Concierge was rude, reception staff even ruder. One of the lifts didnt work. The hall carpet was badly worn. The photos pictured on their website is nothing like the reality. Rooms were decrepit. Whole place needed upgrading. No free internet. Worst hotel we stayed at in Italy
14. The best point to the Cicerone is its location between the Vatican and shopping areas and the old city centre. For Italy, the coffee was exceptionally poor and tasteless (both in the breakfast room and using room service). The room air conditioning didnt work. We stayed afterwards at the Milton Roma which was also 4-star but a much better price, better standard (flat screen tvs, brand new, great breakfast) and a higher league of satisfaction and service.
15. This hotel was very nice. The rooms were a decent size. Most of the staff was extremely friendly except one woman. The breakfast was nice. They offered a variety of foods. They had scrambled eggs and bacon along with a ton of pasties and yogurt. The hotel was within a 20 minute walk of most of the best sites. They offered Internet and the prices varied. We paid $17 euros for 24 hours and having brought our laptop we could use it in our room. They also offered Internet down in the lobby for about the same price. This was quietest room (hotel) of all that we had on our trip.
16. We just returned from a pre-cruise stay in Rome at the Cicerone Hotel. We were pleased at the accommodations, service and location of this hotel. One word of advise, the hotel does not provide wash clothes, as do many hotels in Europe so bring your own if you wish to have one for bathing. The hotel was booked independently from the cruise. We discovered that our cruise line and the tour companies, Globus and Trafalgar also use the hotel for their clients when in Rome. Our room was clean and large enough for the 3 of us. The air conditioning worked very well, helping us to beat the hot Rome summer temperatures. The hotel's location is about a 15-20 walk to Vatican City. There are plenty of stores for shopping plus cafes and restaurants nearby or a short walk from the hotel. ATM's are readily available on the streets. We booked Travel Bound for our transfers from the airport to the hotel and from the hotel to the ship at the end of our stay in Rome. Travel Bound was reliable, prompt, courteous and less cost than the cruise line transfers that were offered. This hotel is a good choice for your stay in Rome.
17. Positive: (1) this hotel is really well-located on the Vatican side of the river. Provided you are reasonably fit, it is possible to walk to most of the major tourist attractions in Rome. (2) It is a competively priced hotel Negative: (1) the hotel does not really deserve to be called a 4* hotel - whilst clean, the fixtures and fittings are very tired (carpets threadbare etc) and very dated. Breakfast is very average. (2) Service is, at best, impersonal and, at worst, poor. This particularly applies to front desk staff who could not have been less interested in serving guests. However, even they were outdone by the barman in hotel bar who was both petty and obnoxious. Someone really needs to remind him that hotel guests pay his wages....
18. Stayed here 1 night. Very close to Vatican City. 2 Internet machines available at a cost. Hotel food is pretty good. Rooms are quite small. Bathroom is decent, but shower is very small. Water temperature was impossible to control (read: scalding). Didn't visit bar (we were out on the town!! ).
19. Don't stay here unless you want to be ripped off for your valuables. Spent 2 nights here and while we were out to dinner in the evening, after having turned our key in at reception desk, someone entered our room and stole our camera, and 300.00 cash out of the hotel safe. Obviously a staff member as no forced entry. Front desk was indifferent, said I wasn';t the first person and only offered to assist in getting a police report. When we offered the scenario and our opinion that it had to be a hotel employee, didn't want to listen. We are well travelled, and aware of the dangers of pickpockets in Rome etc, but never expected to be robbed in a secure environment.
20. After the rain and cold temperatures of Dublin proved to be too much for our summer vacation, we decided to take a short trip to Rome and booked the Cicerone last minute for an excellent price. The Cicerone is a perfectly adequate hotel for a short stay. As this was my fourth time in Rome, I can say with some authority that the Cicerone is well-situated in a safe area - within walking distance of many Rome attractions, including the Vatican. We did, however, take taxis over to the area where the Colosseum, etc. are located due to heat and time considerations. The rooms are clean but not particularly contemporary in terms of decor - in fact, the entire feel of the hotel is as if you are in 1970's Rome not 2008's Rome. The rooms are fairly large for a European hotel, though, and there were plenty of towels, etc. My partner noted that the breakfast was not spectacular. if you are looking for a well-located, reasonably-priced hotel for a short stay in Rome, the Cicerone is not a bad choice.
21. The elevator goes to the 7th floor but our room is on the 8th floor? Yes, just for you, you get to hoof it up a flight of stairs to get to your room. Did I mention that the heat doesn't turn off and the air conditioning doesn't come on until the entire hotel switches gears? Who knows when that is - who cares - it was an oven when we stayed there. We opened our screenless windows to cool the room down. Did we sleep well knowing our windows were open and we were located on a flat roof top? How about that noise all night long...would you get any sleep? It was cooler in the hallway than our room but we just couldn't bring ourselves to camping in the hallway. The "concierge" couldn't help me locate a street address where I was to meet a Vatican tour group and I believe the internet access was not free. The employees behind the counter seemed to be annoyed whenever you stood there waiting to be helped. All this, my fellow travelers, and you paid a lot of money for it also! Oh, and it seemed to be filled with American touristas - there was no expresso or capucino at breakfast and the breakfast buffet was boring, boring, boring. (the coffee was awful, the hotel is ancient)
22. The Cicerone is fine and clean, but with limited or dated facilities. The buffet breakfast can be busy, but there is a 4 hour window to pick your time. An idea is to go to the Vatican early, St Peter's opens at 7, and come back for breakfast, to aviod queues at each. The bar is dreary bling, and avoid the Roman house wine on offer. The SIT shuttle bus from Fiumicino stops at the Piazza Cavour, only 3 mins from hotel. It is 15 euros return. The best restaurants are over the river (Ponte Cavour), such as Gusto and Il Leoncino.
23. ...don't let them put you in room 140. Our room was directly located above the delivery entrance for the hotel. We were woken at 5:15 in the morning by the horrendous sound of carts rolling in and out of the hotel and on and off of a truck, delivering sheets and towels. This went on for ONE HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES. When we complained and asked to be moved, the wouldn't do it, assuring us we wouldn't be disturbed the next day (and we weren't -because the next day was Sunday, when there wasn't a laundry delivery). The rooms are nice (great bathrooms), breakfast food palatable, staff polite, and there are great restaurants and shopping nearby. Just don't let them put you in Room 140!
24. Stayed at the cicerone in rome for two nights between christmas and new year, it was great value with a large clean room close to the vatican. We walked everywhere from the hotel, to the colloseo, forum, vatican and trevi fountain pantheon etc all walking. although we did have tired feet it was easy access to every attraction and a ten euro taxi ride to the station. The hotel itself is quiet and comfortable and well preiced for its location, breakfast included which was pretty good for a continental buffet (i particularly enjoyed the cold meats first thing) the hotel staff are moderatly friendly, in a particularly italian manner. Our room was veryy spacious with a nice shower and bathroom, two twin beds, though not enough pillows (only two provided for the two beds) it did get a little cold overnight with the temprature contol proving a little tempremental. On the whole i would recomend the cicerone and should i revist rome in the future will be sure to check its availability again, its a reasonable hotel, well priced close to all atractions and hassle free.
25. Our arrival in Rome was a disaster, as taxi I had booked didn't turn up and there was a taxi strike on. When we eventually arrived at the Cicerone, it was wonderful. Rooms were large and airy, bathroom was immaculate. Air conditioning was very effective and couldn't have survived without it. This hotel was within easy walking distance of all the sites, but make sure to take comfortable walking shoes. We had no problems with staff and the restaurant staff were very pleasant and friendly. Buffet breakfast was great and you could eat as much as you wanted. Only complaint is that there was no form to fill in for the mini bar, so we really didn't have an accurate account of what was used. We would most certainly stay there again and would recommend it to anyone.
26. Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my mother and my friend, and we had a lovely time there! Very friendly hotel personal at the reseption - all our questions were answered quickly and allways very politely and with a smile. Our flight was leaving late at night so we left our luggage at the hotel after checking out and it worked just fine. The rooms we were staying in were nicely spacious, clean and had everything we needed. Just slightly outdated, spesially the bathrooms, but we aren't huge fans of everything modern so we could live with that. I have to mention that rooms facing the street are just a little bit noisier and have no balcony, the other side rooms had the balconies but there was really not much to see from them and if the balcony door was left open I could hear the noise from the brekfast area in the morning. Breakfast buffet was amazing - lot's of variety and we found everything we wanted! The location of the hotel was good, within a walking distance from all the main attractions of Rome and the city centre with lots and lots of restaurants. It was much more quiet and peaceful on the left side of the river during the night time so we got to sleep really well! Also the metro station was quite close to the hotel. The internet was unfortunatly not free so we had to buy a time ticket to use it in the lobby, but it was reasonably priced.
27. Overall this hotel was great. The location was central to all the key sights downtown as well as many local cafes and fine restaurants. We stayed during the World Cup finals and could hear some street noise during the night, but not bad considering. The rooms were very nice, clean, and comfortable; no complaints at all. The only negative that we noticed was how oddly rude the entire front desk staff was to ALL the customers. It was almost comical how consistently put out they were at the slightest question or request. They did assist everyone we saw, but it seemed as though they felt dealing with the public was utterly beneath them. Strange and funny, if not slightly annoying. Oh, and the garage is closed on Sunday's so you can't pull your car out if you need it that day. On that note, don't bring a car to Rome in the first place; it's nothing but a hassle.
28. The Hotel Cicerone is a first-rate hotel located within walking distance of the Vatican and Castel Sant'Angelo and a number of good restaurants. The hotel serves an excellent breakfast, the rooms are well maintained and the furnishings and bathroom area very clean. The hotel staff is courteous and fluent in two or more languages. We will certainly stay at the Hotel Cicerone during our next visit to Rome.
29. Stayed at the Cicerone in November for a short break. The hotel is good quality, friendly staff, spotlessly clean and is in a good location, just a short walk over Ponte Umberto to Piazza Navona or across Ponte Cavour to reach the popular shopping areas. The nearest metro stop is Lepanto and is only a short walk to the hotel. Regular buses depart from the front of the hotel or from nearby Piazza Cavour. The hotel room was a good size and very clean with a good size bathroom and daily maid service with linen change. The mini bar prices are very high, we moved the contents around and stored our own items in there. We did have to request more pillows as the single one provided is like a wedge of rock!! The morning breakfast buffet is 'american style' serving dreadful bacon and eggs, but a generous amount of cereal, pastries, bread, cheese and meats. Check out is at 11am, and the latest check out you can have is 12pm and costs you an additional 10 euros, we took advantage of the baggage check facility as our departure wasn't till 5 and this is free. The only downside is the hotel is frequently used for cruise ship guests so there was always a high volume of people and bags in the lobby, and you did get the feeling that you were not as important as they were. All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would consider returning again.
30. Very good hotel in an excellent location - close to everything, but away from hordes of tourists. Nice restaurants in the area. Breakfast could have been better - you might have expected a bit more variety so at the end of day 3 it gets really boring, but quality of food is good and service is perfect.
31. We stayed at the Cicerone Hotel for 5 nights in September 2007 as part of a Globus tour. The room was large (by European standards) and quiet. The linen was changed every day and was spotlessly clean. The bathroom was very clean but old and ‘tired’ – it needed to be renovated. The breakfast room provided a buffet breakfast but the bread was stale, no rolls (only croissants), lids left off the hot food, and often the tablecloths were stained (from earlier diners and they hadn’t been changed). Because this appears to be a hotel for lots of coach tours, it was crowded and the breakfast staff were not very friendly (maybe they were getting to the end of a long summer?). One morning we were up for a 6:30am breakfast because the coach tour for the Vatican Museum left at 7am. The queue for the breakfast room was very long and when we got in, the room was crowded, some of the serving dishes had not been replenished and it was a scramble for what was there. This was meant to be a 4 star hotel but the breakfast was about 2 star. The reception staff were knowledgeable but again appeared to be lacking any genuine friendliness toward the customers. There was a nice bar and restaurant in the hotel but they were quite expensive. Location was good with lots of restaurants nearby and a 15 minute walk to the Hop-On-Hop-Off bus.
32. My wife and I traveled for 16 days with 3 other couples and our trip ended in Rome. We had prepaid our vacation 6 mos.+ prior to our departure date only to find out that one couple could stay at this hotel and 3 couples were moved to another hotel. The only explanation that we could interpret was there was water damage on the 7th floor. I personally walked through the 7th floor and no construction/repairs were taking place. CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS NON EXISTENT..FRONT DESK STAFF APPEARED TO BE TOO BUSY AND NOT SHOWING ANY CARE OR CONCERN. Personally I fell they were over booked as many tour groups were operating from this hotel. Also as a final note our room was located on a main street,(front of hotel) which wasvery noisy.
33. This hotel is located within 15 minutes of the Vatican & St. Peter's, and only about 1 block from a small grocery store. Our room on the 3rd floor was clean and updated, not 1970s style like some reviewers mentioned. Just don't expect the Hilton. It's smaller & simpler, but you're in Rome, so it all evens out. Cereal, fruit, lots of bread/meat/cheese to choose from at breakfast, plus bacon and eggs. The hotel is also about 3 blocks from the subway, super convenient. There's also a great little pizza place right across the street from the hotel, where we went on a rainy night when we didn't want to walk far. The only "downer" was the hotel staff behind the front desk, who were rude even to my elderly mother, who has the manners of Queen Elizabeth and the patience of a saint. Oh well, we saw them little enough. Just enjoy Rome and don't expect a friendly hotel staff if you stay here.
34. It was the first 3 nights me and my wife stayed to this hotel in our 2-week travel in Italy. This 4 star hotel provided us with calm nights which were really good for us. It was not very expensive comparing to other 4 star hotels as the location is not in the right centre of the city. But the nearest metro station is 5min from the hotel. So the location was not really the problem. The best thing of this hotel for us was the amenities. The slippers were especially great. We took them and used them for the rest of the travel. There were not so many choices for dinner around the hotel...
35. I took my mother to Rome and we stayed at this hotel for four nights. The location was very good and the rooms were decent compared to most European hotels. The front desk staff were snooty, rude, and seemed uncaring most every time we passed them. The great qualities? The wonderful breakfast buffet! AND the wonderful Bar-Staff, these guys made up for all the other shortcomings, they sure know how to treat a customer. I would say that I have already recommended this hotel and I would probably stay here again, in spite of the jerks at the front desk.
36. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are small, filthy and had black mold on the vents. I never took my shoes off because the carpet was so nasty. The pictures of the hotel look fantastic but I can promise you they are not accurate. The breakfast is horrible and the staff are very unfriendly and never made eye contact. The room was stuffy and had a bad odor and the air conditioner wasn't working. The only positives I can come up with is, 1) the coffee at breakfast was good, 2) the location was good. 3) the shower was good. Hardly worth it though, I would have rather stayed outside on the sidewalk, it was cleaner than the hotel! !
37. We found the Cicerone to be an above average hotel. The staff was excellent. We were there over Christmas and had booked a car via the internet. The staff told us we were paying too much and helped us rent a far more reasonable new car. They also were able to find us places to dine on Christmas Eve and Christmas Lunch...both meals in Rome restaurants are traditionally closed. Hotel Restaurant was also open on those days. We would return.
38. We stayed three nights at the Cicerone hotel and if you are from the US you will notice the differences right away. For one, a double room usually means twin beds, and no two rooms are built to look the same. The room was just average for it being a four star hotel. The staff was slow to respond to issues too. Our safe didn't work and in Italy you must protect your money and your passport. They fixed it the last day we were there, even though we asked them to fix it the first night we arrived. We also had a room on the 8th floor but the elevator stops on the 7th! It was quiet though, so that was nice. You can't beat the location of the hotel though, as it is within walking distance (15 minutes) of the Vatican City. All in all, it was clean, not luxurious but decent. Beds were hard, towels stiff, flat, flat, flat pillows, but they had plenty of hot water and the toilet pressure was good. Oh, and whatever you do buy a blow dryer in Italy, if you need one. Their's worked like a vacuum cleaner nozzle set to low--resembled one too! The free buffet breakfast was good. Although American style scrambled eggs are so much better than Italian scrambled eggs (Yuck! ).
39. cicerone has a very good location, a twenty minutes walk to the spanish steps (with stroller), it had a very nice breakfast but the service is a little slow but overall a good experience. there are a couple of good italian restaurants around. the hop on hop off tours also have pick up points nearby. there is an underground 5 min away. some members of the staff were really helpfull. overall a good hotel.
40. I just stayed at the hotel for 1 week. The hotel was in a great location. You could walk everywhere important in Rome. 6ish euro cab ride to the train station for day trips. Rooms were ok. Beds and pillows were awful that was my only real complaint. Bathroom was good shower worked fine. Tvs were bad too trying to catch up on any news from home was impossible. Wifi was a joke 9 euro a day. Staff was really nice. The free breakfast ment well and was ok for a few days but after 1 week it was starting to wear on me. For the price it was a decent deal there are probably better hotels to stay at but all and all not bad.
41. I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in September 2005. It is a large, well appointed hotel with comfortable, clean rooms. It is superbly located just off the Piazza Cavour and close to some good shopping streets. It's about 20 minutes walk to the Vatican and the Piazza Navona. Staff are worth a mention as they were extremely helpful and polite.
42. I was part of a group that stayed 3 nights in this hotel in the Prati district of Rome. That is just north of Castle Saint Angelo and the palace of Justice. Our group was over 50 people and they got us situated and our luggage off the bus and into our rooms relatively quick. The front desk was OK, could have been a little more friendly. The lobby bar is nice but like all hotel bars a little expensive. The breakfast was very good and offered more than just rolls and coffee. The location is great if you are mainly interested in the Vatican and St Peters. It's also only a short walk to the Piazza del Popolo. This is a very nice plaza with 3 churches one of which (Santa Maria del Popolo) has 2 Caravagio paintings. The view from the Pincio is spectacular. From there, it's a short walk to the Spanish Steps. The hotel seems to cater to groups as there were several there. It's a larger hotel and groups do require a lot of rooms. I'm not sure of the price because it was included in the trip. If I was on my own, I would opt for a smaller, cheaper hotel as you spend so little time in your room when there is all of Rome to see. If your group has booked here, you will be fine. The rooms facing the street are a little noisey. The air conditioning was fine as it is up and running in June. The controls take a few minutes to figure out. Room safe, nice bath, all the regular stuff. Heard some complaints about the internet availability, but we didn't use it. This hotel is not convenient to the forum or coliseum as they are a taxi ride for sure. All in all, a good stay.
43. The greatest area if you want to explore Rome.Near to metro station and only 10min walking to Vaticano and his museums.Many good restaurants around but to find them you have to explore the small streets(there aren't restaurants at the main street). The room was very noisy(mine was from the side of the main street)and not so clean. The Breakfast was great and with variety.
44. I stayed in Hotel Cicerone with my Mum as we were told it was close to the Vatican. The hotel was lovely and clean. The staff at the desk and the bar were a little impersonal, but this did not spoil our thoughts of the hotel. Very busy hotel with people and tours coming in and out all day. The concierge helped us to book a tour to Castel Gandolfo, the Pope's Summer residence to hear his Sunday address. We were very lucky as we got the last two tickets on the bus for the trip. Also the same concierge helped us to find our way around Rome and to locate an open top tour bus. We were on the wrong side of the city for the shops and other amenities, but we still had three good days of touring. Stayed here in September 2010
45. My husband and my parents stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and our expectations were blown away. The rooms were quite large (queen bed with desk, pull-out couch and enormous bathroom). I believe that if you stay on the 7th floor you will most likely get a balcony which was a real treat! We slept with the patio doors open every night! The rooms were very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful especially when it came to ensuring we got on our buses for tours and our flights back home. The breakfast was great which offered a variety of meats, yogurts, cheeses, cereal, fresh fruit, juices and more! The location was a highlight as the area was great for shopping, dining and wasn't as congested as across the bridge where several organized school trips must of been staying. Whether you're there for 2 nights or 7 nights, I highly recommend this hotel as you will get your barrings quickly and enjoy the location. We even found a restaurant we went back to several times during our stay called San Marco which was a 3 mins walk from the hotel. Food and service was amazing. The restaurant across the street from the hotel was also very impressive. Too bad we waited until the end of the trip to eat there! There is also a quaint little deli/store down the road where we bought meats and cheeses and wine and water to have for mid-day snacks.
46. We stayed here a few weeks ago on the advice of our travel agent. Given the mediocre reviews on TA, concern was mounting. As it turns out, things turned out quite different from the negative reviews posted here, First of all, the room and bathroom were very clean, no mold to be seen. Room was cleaned at least once daily. A/C worked well, beds were comfortable. Breakfast buffet was similar to other hotels we stayed at in Italy: heavy on pastries with watered down coffee - ask for a double expresso or 2. Location of hotel is convenient to Vatican area sites as well as sites across the river. We used mass transit to get to Coliseum, Spanish Steps,Trevi and other galleries and churches. Bus is very close by and subway is about a 2 1/2 block walk. Before the trip, I had not planned on using mass transit, but the convenience of it outweighed any negatives. Some subway cars look like the 1970's NYC subways with graffiti covering the entire cars, while others were spotless. Just ask the front desk for the correct bus numbers to take. The subway has maybe 20-30 stops total, so it's almost impossible to get lost. Front desk staff was over-the-top helpful in straightening out some gallery reservations WE had messed up in Florence. They stayed on the line, on hold, for over 20 minutes and resolved our mistakes. Great Job! For an in-depth review of Rome dining, check out this critique on Chowhound.com: http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/563870?tag=search_results;results_list
47. I chose this hotel as it had a restaurant, room service and a bar. I knew we would reach Rome very late and wanted to be able to get food when we arrived. I was so glad I had done this as we were VERY late (thank you Easy Jet!!). The hotel is lovely, very clean and not in the least noisy. Staff were extremely helpful, the Concierge staff particularly. Breakfast was average only, the hotel restaurant for diiner was lovely, but the best thing was the location, everything was quite close, excellent shopping just around the corner, and a few fab restaurants also very close by. I will be back next year.
48. Unfortunately, I was one of the 'bus tours' stuck staying in this hotel. At the advice of our travel agent, my husband and I let Carnival Cruise Lines book our hotel post-cruise in Rome. I know for a fact that we paid $300+ euros for this hotel and I regret every penny. Out of all the places we visited in Europe, this was the most expensive and the worst - the rooms lacked decor, the double beds were two twins pushed together and VERY hard, the pillows were like pancakes, the bathrooms were dirty, etc. etc. I didn't find the front staff rude - mabey they've worked on their hospitality. The helped me find the right busline for the Colissieum and gave me directions on how to catch the bus. The hotel is in a good location within walking distance to the Vatican. Our friends on the same cruise booked a hotel on their own - paid $175 euro and had a balcony and a view of a piazza. Their room was beautiful. I kick myself thinking about how much we paid to stay here - but luckily we were only there one night and only slept in the room. Overall, I don't recommend - bad value for the price. Feel free to email me with questions.
49. We stayed at the Cicerone Hotel 2 nights and the hotel has a very good location. Our stayed was very pleasant until last night, when I realized that somebody had stolen me a pair of shoes. Is insignificant the pair of shoes, but what it is important was the attitude that took the hotel staff . Nobody worried about the matter and only they were capable to tell me was "we are so sorry".
50. Arrived at hotel via private taxi which I had booked on the internet. The taxi driver could not speak any english but the staff at the hotel were very helpful in translating for us. We found all the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself was comfortable and our room was very spacious and well planned out. We had our first evening meal in the hotel. The menu was limited but the main course steak was excellent although a few vegetables would not have gone amiss. The dessert was excellent. However the breakfast was very poor. Not even toast. As it was advertised as an "American Breakfast" we did expect something better. We found the hotel to be in a very good location within easy walking distance of many attractions.
51. Very dissapointed with this hotel. The heater in the room didn't work and despite 3 calls to reception with promises someone was on the way to look at it no one ever turned up. Likewise we asked for extra blankets because the room was cold twice and never saw them. This hotel is one of the noisiest hotels I have ever stayed in. there is no soundproofing on the doors and every one has to slam the doors to close them - it was like fireworks for hours on end every night with all the banging. Also there were noisy kids running up and down the halls and in the next room - I had to buy ear plugs to sleep at night. Despite 2 requests for a quieter room, I was told they were fully booked and it was not possible to change rooms. Be warned - stay well away from this hotel.
52. We booked this hotel pre cruise and it seemed good value for money to us. We travelled on 21/11 so maybe the hotel was a bit less busy. Must thank the earlier reviewer ( Holly i think) who recommended the nearby restaurant Al Palazzaccio. We ate there both nights of our stay- Could get a good meal with good quality house wine for a really reasonable price for Rome. Room- was clean, with wooden floors, toiletries and reasonably quiet ( as we had requested) being at the side of the building. Location- it was a pleasant 15minute walk to St Peters Square and the vatican musuem Breakfast- was fine for this standard hotel, got our tea/coffee within a couple of minutes of ordering both days. Reception- found them professional but not involved- would not have been confident of their interest if we found ourselves in any difficulties . All in all we'd never been to Rome before and felt we could have done much worse.
53. We purchased a package from our cruise for the day after in Rome. From the internet information, the Cicerone Hotel looked very nice and we agreed to pay the large fee for the six of us to stay there for one night. The location is very good. You are near the Vatican and can walk to the northern tourist spots easily. The property is run down. The rooms are shabby, The bed was very uncomfortable. I asked about getting a cup of hot water for tea and was told that it was not possible! For what we paid to stay here, we did not recieve good value for our money.
54. From the television stations, including the constant USA bashing Russia Today, (among others) to the completely rude staff do not expect to be treated decently if you are American. This hotel and staff were equally pathetic and an affront to ones senses. I mean that literally. Be sure to bring along some extra deodorant to hand out to the staff. I think the reason the hotel is called a 4 star hotel is because the sign above the entrance has 4 stars next to the name. The $500 per night room was small, shabby and had a great view of the back of some nondescript building where you could hear and see trash being removed daily. The breakfast buffet actually had POWDERED EGGS (when was the last time you had powdered eggs at a $500 a night hotel) and to get the waitsaff to help in any way was a lost cause. The hotel lobby staff was equally as bad. It was a major effort just to get them to recognize we were in front of them asking questions that needed to be answered. Location was not great but is the only possible reason not to give the hotel a zero rating. We have been to many countries before and have never been treated this poorly. This truly was Euro Trash at its best.
55. Just returned from 10 nights at this hotel. 3rd time we stayed here. We love the location and the hotel. Never had a bad room--always clean, roomy and quiet. We request an inside-facing room. Many reviews indicate the front desk staff is rude. I don't agree with that -- my opinion, just "Italian-style" -- not American-style phony. They are all characters. Ask the "cashier" for change? Ha - no change available. Each person has his/her own job, so you can go from one to another. I found this more fun and Italian-style charming. Go with the flow... you are in ROME not Indianapolis! Hotel DOES have alot of tours coming and going, but we were on our own and were not around when they came and went, so they did not bother us. This is a medium size hotel, not a mega resort. There is a small bar/lounge area off the lobby. They try an American-style breakfast with scrambled eggs and bacon...pretty good. Also European-style cheeses and luncheon meats as well as breads, yogurt, cereal, fruit, juices and cappuccino. You can't go away hungry unless you want to. Two good trattorias I would recommend. One just across the street, Grotta Azzurra, has great steaks, pasta and THE BEST Pizza Margherita...try it. Around the corner is our favorite, al Palazzaccio. Great Roman lamb, veal & ravioli with walnut cream sauce. Wine great, also. Waiters - very entertaining - Marcianno speaks some English, loves women and is actually shy. We had the best time staying here and would recommend it to anyone who is open to real Roman people.
56. When in Rome, this is NOT the place to stay. Although rated as a four star hotel, we found it lacked even the class and charm of a normal three star lodging. The beds were the most uncomfortable we have ever slept in--anywhere. Service was not good and the front desk never answered the phone. None of the hotel departments would pick up calls making it difficult to get any information, room service etc. This is a large property that caters to tour groups which may explain the tepid coffee at breakfast and the lack of genuine customer service. We spent over $500 per night USD for two rooms and did not feel this property was worth half the price. Avoid this.
57. I stayed here as part of a group, and this hotel seems to handle many groups. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful. This is located in an area with many good and small restaurants, and an excellent gelato shop 2 blocks away. Those with rooms on the main street complained of noise, but I was fine- expecting noise in a big city. Breakfast offerings were plentiful and varied, and wait staff will bring you espresso or capuchinno if you don't want the cafe american. I was shocked at the prices in the hotel bar: a shot of limoncello was 6 euro, and a simple gin and tonic was 12 euro! Drink at dinner, not the bar!
58. We stayed at the Cicerone for five nights in August while on our honeymoon to Italy. I anticipated a true four star hotel due to the positive reviews I read prior to booking this hotel. However, we discovered that this hotel was more like a 2 1/2 star. Here is my quick list of pros and cons: Pros: great central location, walking distance to the Metro, the Vatican, and fun night spots such Campo de Fiori. Cons: Rude staff, charge you for double occupancy (in my case 30 euros additional per day) even after you have paid for the hotel via yoru travel provider (in my case orbitz), rooms are extremely tiny even for European standards, rooms feel stale and their bedding feels filthy, and to top it off they don't even give you an iron - instead they charge you 5 euros to iron a single shirt
59. While the location of the Cicerone is excellent, in particular for those with a special interest in St Peter's and the Vatican, and while rooms are adequate, we (my wife, adult son and I) were disappointed by a number of things. The hotel seems to be aimed mostly at large groups, and is overall in need of some freshening up. The busy staff at reception were reasonably efficient but not very friendly or welcoming. The television in our room was malfunctioning, and an extinguished lighbulb in my bedside lamp was not replaced over the three days of our stay. The toilet seat in our ensuite was cracked, and there was dirt around the airconditioning unit. A slightly musty cigarette aroma lingered. Worst was the appalling breakfast: bread and cakes were stale, fruit was tinned, eggs and milk watery. We would also recommend against the Grotta Azzurra restaurant across the road: the food is cheap but the service uncharacteristically poor (we were brought the wrong dishes in the wrong order).
60. I have just returned from a seven night stay at this hotel. It was one of the most enjoyable holidays I have ever had. This was the first time travelling on my own and the staff at the Cicerone were extremely friendly and helpful. Arranging tours and transfer to the airport was no problem to the desk staff - I never found them to be rude - always pleasant and welcoming. The room was very clean and the service in the restaurant was first rate. The hotel is close to the Vatican and Pantheon. If walking is a problem, taxis can be found in the Piazza Cavour near to the Hotel - most fares were between 5 and 10 euros. I would definitely stay here again! !
61. This is a 4 star hotel on the North Side of the river, about 10 minutes walk from Vatican City We paid 310€ for 3 nights (for 2 people) incl breakfast and we couldnt really fault the value. Hotel was lively with Amercian Tourists getting of the buses day and night. Rome City is 20 minutes walk across the river, and Ancient Rome is a pleasant 35 minutes walk. A good location for all of Rome. Number 70 bus takes you from outside the hotel to the train station, (1€) and a train takes you the Leonardo Da Vinci airport in 25 mins (11€). However when we landed we opted to get a shuttle to the airport , this can end up touring the city before dropping you off, but we were lucky and were first (18€ each) taxis were quoting 50 - 75€ Breakfasts were typcial continental but good. Hard for me to find any faults
62. We stayed at Cicerone hotel for three nights April 2012. The staff was helpful and fast, room was quiet, clean and normal size, bathroom was also big. The location is great, Vatican and St Peter are very near. First we thought that we would be far away from the popular "piazzas", which are located at the other side of the river but we walked even down to Colosseum very easy. There are many interesting shops at the nearby Cola di Rienzo and every day we visited restaurants around with the highest ranking in tripadvisor and we did not regret even one time. For its money I think it is a honest proposal.
63. It was a more modern hotel, but it was obvious that they had not refurbished the rooms and bathrooms since they opened it. The tub did not drain properly and the position of the shower head caused water to leak on the floor. The breakfast was great and the staff were easy to work with.
64. Make friends with the bartenders, they will treat you right. That was the best part of my stay. Lots of tour groups and cruise goers stay here. Hotel was pretty outdated by American standards. Not much charm either. The concierge was helpful at times but others seemed bothered. What I did like about the neighborhood surrounding the hotel was it was not as touristy as some parts of Rome.
65. Stayed here with husband and friends recently and arrived early for check in, 11am to be exact. No trouble, we were allocated our rooms immediately and able to go out to immerse ourselves in the beauty and culture that is Rome. Staff were most helpfull and the attention to each request and question was efficient and most helpful. Breakfast was good too and our rooms were most comfortable.
66. Cannot complain about this hotel at all. The location was great. Walking distance to Castel Sant'Angelo and half hour to The Vatican. It might sound long but with views you get in Rome, I didn't complain. The nearest train station to the hotel is Lepanto which is also around a 5 minute walk. The area also has a few restaurants and of course gelati shops. The staff at the hotel were courteous and friendly. The hotel has a nice foyer and on the left hand side there is a bar. The bedrooms were spacious. Could hardly fault it really. A reasonable sized bathroom and was clean. The beds were comfortable and clean, television had English speaking channels. The breakfast was pretty good as well. A variety of food including cereal, croissants, fruit, yoghurt etc. I really cannot say anything bad about it because there was nothing to complain about. If I was going back to Rome I would definitely go back there again.
67. Stayed at this hotel from Christmas Day to New Year's Day. Breakfast buffet good - cereals, fruit, juices, bread, eggs and meat. Location great - we walked to all of the sites - the Vatican, Colosseum, Forum, ST Peters, etc. Hotel room a bit noisy on street side of building. No free wifi was a bother but available for 7 euros/24 hours. Staff most helpful. Lunch one day in the hotel restaurant was great - salads, shellfish. We'd stay again simply because of the location.
68. Great location. Close to metro and in a very nice, quiet neighborhood. You can walk to various sites. The hotel staff was very helpful in every way. They anticipated our needs (giving us info that we hadn't even asked for yet) and helped with some personal phone calls by speaking Italian for us. Nice. It was hot and the room had great air conditioning (very cool). Breakfast was very nice. This hotel and another we experienced this summer can't seem to get the bread and rolls right but otherwise highly recommended.
69. Just got back from Rome! We stayed for 3 nights at Hotel Cicerone with my wife. I was a bit worried before our trip, after reading so many negative comments about Cicerone. Fortunately we founded those comments false. Room was old, but clean. Unfortunately pillows are flat and hard, but we managed to sleep well enough. Breakfast was nice, but bacon lacks salt. Staff is as friendly as everyone in Rome, if you know what I mean. Location is very good. Traffic is not too loud eventhough there is only single glass windows. Compared to Finnish hotels Cicerone is rather 3 stars than 4, but still ok place to stay.
70. This hotel is large and rooms are nice, aircon a plus. 6 euros to iron a shirt (no irons) was a bit much! There are lots of americans staying at the hotel so english people to chat to. The main restaurant was nice, its 30 euros for 3 course set menu, 20 euros per bottle of wine. We walked to all the sites and back (good to walk off the food!) Things to be aware of in Rome: If you SIT down at a cafe or gelateria, you pay 6 euros JUST to sit down and up to 4 euros service charge on yoru bill (for ice-cream thats a JOKE) We sat down at one place that wanted to charge us 40 euros for 2 diet cokes, 1 water, 2 ice creams (with the service and seating charges), thats insane Gypsies - there are a lot of Romanian gypsies in Rome, KEEP your bags out of site and closed! I had someone stop a guy from taking my camera and my husbands cell phone was stolen!!! Overall Rome has amazing history so the sites are breathtaking, just do your research for restaurants FIRST so you know where you are eating so you dont get ripped off, it can be EXPENSIVE! Venice was cheaper than Rome!
71. We stayed at this hotel last weekend for my Dad's 60th birthday celebrations. There were 9 in our party including my 8 year old daughter. Our room ( triple) was reasonably spacious but absolutely nothing like the rooms represented on the website - they were very basic a certainly not 4 star. My parents booked the superior double- on arrival were told there was no double and they would need a twin,the room was more basic than ours, very small and the air con blew out hot air and would not turn off, leaving their room like an oven! They were eventually moved the second day after being told several times that their room was indeed a superior although clearley it wasn't.The pillows were so thin and we only had one each- when we requested extra we were told there weren't any, along with no hairdryer or iron. Breakfast was good but very basic and we had to go elsewhere on the first morning as the queue was up two flights of stairs! Overall I was very dissapointed with the hotel. My parents paid almost £2000 for this accommodation and I would not reccommend it to anyone....they seem more interested on how many people they can squeeze in rather than offering good service
72. I was pretty worried about this hotel from skimming the reviews here, but it was perfectly OK, even a bit better than OK. It is clearly a big group tour hotel, and we were there through a booking agency, but not as part of a tour. Our rooms (a double and a triple) were clean and comfortable. Not luxurious, but not Motel 6 quality either by a long shot. The bathroom was clean and the facilities all worked well. I especially liked the bright bedside lights. After a week touring Italy where the reading lights were so dim it was hard to read, I appreciated the light by the bed. The wireless internet is grossly overpriced at 17 euro for 24 hours, but at least it worked well for us, with no problems mentioned by another reviewer. The breakfast was plentiful and varied, but not terribly exciting. Very typical of Italian hotel breakfast buffets. The espresso was much better than the watered down coffee, just ask for it. The croissants were sweet and bready (why is it impossible to find a crisp croissant in all of Italy? ), and the eggs were reasonable, for hotel scrambled steamtable eggs. However, the very best, and I mean BEST thing about the Cicerone Hotel is that it is around the corner from Al Palazzaccio, a trattoria with really good food, pleasant staff, not expensive, just really tasty. We had some of our best simple meals there. There's a reason that it fills up as soon as it opens. Go at 7 PM, get seated immediately and get 15% off your bill (their "happy dinner time"), or wait until 7:30 and wait an hour for a table. Just go! Via Ennio Quirino Visconti 66-68.
73. We were on a tour as were most of the hotel guests which made the lines at the breakfast buffett terrible on most of the days we were there. The breakfast is only fair and often ran out of food. The rooms were small, tired and worn. The hotel stafff was marginally helpful. The hotel was in a good location for walking to many sites.
74. Just back from Rome stayed in the Cicerone I can't say enough about this hotel or it's staff.Was a bit apprehensive before I went after reading some of the reviews,but what a pleasant surprise,the room was spotlessly clean,and it was cleaned everyday with a change of both towels and linen daily.We had a room at the front and we were not kept awake any night also it was warm and comfortable and we had plenty of natural light through the large window.The staff could not be more helpful or pleasant.Will definitely stay there again if we return to Rome.
75. My wife and I spent two nights at the Hotel Cicerone following a cruise to the Greek Isles. We booked through Celebrity cruise, choosing the Cicerone primarily for its location. We were about a 10-15 minute walk from the Piazza Navona and all the restaurants in the area. We were also able to walk to the Vatican, the Castel Sant Angelo, the Pantheon, Trevi Fountain, the Spanish Steps and other sites. We took a bus to ancient Rome. The hotel was acceptable for our visit. The included breakfast was OK - we stuck with granola and pastries. The eggs and breakfast meats looked a little dubious. The room was very small, but OK for two nights. Be prepared to pay a lot more in Rome for much less than you would in the States.
76. jusy got back from a weeks stay at this hotel and i do not rate it as 4 star.it needs a refit our room 607 had a very dirty carpet with a lot of stains on it, there was also a big stain on the ceiling and the wallpaper was marked and dirty.the staff were very friendly and helpful the buffet breakfast was ok but boring and they could not make tea or coffee with hot water. i would not stay here again. rod from cornwall
77. We arrived at 3pm and our room was ready and nice and air conditioned ( it was 34 degrees celcius out ) so we were ready for a shower and a quick rest! The front desk was very helpful and a nice young man carried our bags up for us. The breakfast the next morning was delicious. Hot coffee and milk at your table in an instant,or cappicino made up for you on order! There was plenty of hot food to go around plus fruit and cereal. We stayed for 3 nights and it was a 15 minute walk to the Vatican and close to many other attractions.There is a decent grocery store 2 blocks away as well as other stores that run for about 2 blocks. We would stay here again!
78. My daughter and I spent 3 nights at the Cicerone Hotel while joining a tour group in Rome. We found the hotel nicely located for us, we don't mind walking. We were with in walking distance to most of the sights that we wanted to see. The hotel rooms were good sized for a large city. No air conditioning yet, which was a bit uncomfortable for us as we are from Maine. We couldn't leave the windows open at night as we were right above the a busy street and it was fairly noisey. My only complaint was that there was black mold growing in the bathroom tub/shower, other than that, we found the room very clean. We should have asked for more pillows as ours were very flat.
79. It was our first time in Rome and we didn't know what to expect from a hotel there. The Cicerone was excellent--clean and modern. We had a comfortable room with a king sized bed and a nice sized and very clean bathroom. The hotel price included a full "all you can eat" buffet breakfast with American-style coffee!!!! Best of all is the hotel's location. It is within easy walking distance to the Vatican and the great shops and restaurants by the Spanish Steps. We also walked to the Colliseum and other City sites. We highly recommend the Cicerone if you are traveling to Rome. Don't forget to try the cappocinos!
80. Spent 3 nights at the Cicerone pre-cruise (Carnival) from Civitavecchia. This was our second visit to Rome, and I found the Cicerone superior to all other hotels I've stayed at in Italy. Location is terrific - walkable to Vatican City, Spanish Steps, Pantheon, Piazza Navona, Trevi Fountain and great shopping just a few blocks away. Bedroom adequate & we got our requested king-size bed, large bathroom and shower, all clean & neat. Renovations still going on based on appearance of hallway on our floor, but I guess we got lucky--no construction noise. Front desk staff could be friendlier but no complaints with breakfast room or bar staff. Buy a drink at the bar and afternoon/early evening snacks are provided - including their *wonderful* marinated olives. Adequate selection & quality in breakfast room. "Security issues" noted by other travelers re door-knob with room key attached I've found is still pretty routine in Europe. With number of people coming & going at the front desk though, I got the feeling anyone could walk up and ask for any key in a box and get it. Regardless, I would definitely use this property again.
81. We found the front of house staff 'aloof bordering on rude and arrogant. The breakfast were nothing to get excited about, the wait staff in the dining room seemed to be under great pressure, at one breakfast we did not recieve tea or coffee even after asking staff several times. Our first night there was a party going on in the downstairs bar with loud music which could be heard in our 1st floor room quite clearly. we would not recommened this hotel to our frends.
82. I stayed at the Cicerone for three nights recently. The room was adequate, but could have been much cleaner. I don't know when the carpet was last cleaned, and remnants of it clung to my slippers. The bathroom was large and seemed cleaner than the room. The breakfast was awful, with some of the worst coffee I have ever had. I did order the espresso after tasting the coffee, and that was fine. The waitstaff at breakfast were very nice, but the front desk staff were very rude. If they don't want to be in a service position they should go elsewhere. There were several tours at the hotel while I was there, but that was no excuse for the rudeness of the staff.
83. The Cicerone is in Prati, an area Romans do there shoppin in. It is also near to the Vatican and one can easily walk to the historic centre in 15-20 minutes. It does not rate highly on charm, having a 1980s look to it. Our rooms were baking hot and, despite repeated requests to reception staff, it was impossible to have the heating switched off. It seems that Roman hotels, like Roman apartment buildings, have set dates for switching heating on and off. Opening the French windows to the terrace was only an option when one was not in the room as every bus in the city seems to roar its way along Via Cicerone. Note: colleages with rooms not on the street side could open windows without having problems of noise. Breakfast was uninteresting. The hotel seems to be popular with Japanese package tourists.
84. We spent a week at the hotel. Nice sized room, clean and confortable. The breakfast buffet was good. The hotel is located in a very nice area to be in. Easy walk to major attractions and good local neighbourhood resturants. Disposable plastic cups, no wine glasses in the room don't allow this to turly be a 4 star hotel, but it is still superior to many others. We had some problems with the tour company that booked us and the hotel worked to get everything cleared up and in order. Great staff that speak english.
85. We stayed in this hotel at the end of our family vacation. We had actually booked accommodations elsewhere which we walked into and immediately started looking for something else. The Cicerone is what we found. It is comfortable and well maintained. It is certainly not the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in (I didn't walk around without slippers in the room) and I will probably never return. The front desk staff was somewhat helpful, but nobody put themselves out for us. It is close to the Vatican but since most tourist sites are on the other side of the Tiber River, each taxi ride was more expensive than it might otherwise have been. A less hectic and harried search would probably have located a hotel that better fit our needs.
86. This hotel is decent. Location is OK, not too much around it, but not as bad as some desolate locations. Overall cleanliness and service of hotel is good. You must remember European hotels are not like American hotels, with the luxuries of a strong a/c and centered locations, but I did enjoy my stay. Just being in Italy makes it worthwhile.
87. Having read the past reviews (on this site) I was a little anxious about staying in this hotel. I am glad I did though as it was lovely! Perhaps I was lucky but my bed was quite comfortable and I got round the "not so plump" pillows by asking for 2 of them. I found the front of house to be all very friendly and helpful, perhaps they were responding to my cherry disposition. Ironically the only thing I wasn't that crazy about was breakfast. I thought that it could have been of a higher standard but I did manage to stuff myself every morning before hitting the sights... I would stay there again and I would recommend it to my friends.
88. We loved the location, close to the Vatican and St Peter's but furniture and linens were quite worn and we had a view of a concrete wall.. It is pricey for the quality of the room. The breakfast choices were good. We stayed here for three days and then moved to the Dei Mellini for the last three days and liked that property much better.
89. We have stayed at the Cicerone Hotel on 4 occasions. The staff never seem to change. They are really helpful and the position of the hotel is great. Many of the rooms have been upgraded and it is a very comfortable room, certainly not delux but very adequate. The neighbourhood is really safe to walk through in the evening. The hotel is used by many cruise companies for pre or post Rome stays. The hotel can also organise a taxi down to Civitavechia before or after the cruise and the prices you get from the hotel is actually much cheaper than if you organise privately. Breakfasts are great and their is always more than enough to have. Will always use this hotel while in Rome
90. We stayed there for one night to be near the Vatican....and found ourselves in a rather dismal room that was tired and equivalent of a tired Comfort Inn. It was clean and functional. The bed and pillows were hard, but we have found that to be the case in the two hotels that we stayed in Rome. There is nothing right around the hotel, but it is certainly not a bad walk to the Vatican, to Piazza Novanna/Pantheon...a very pleasant walk actually.. The breakfast food was plentiful but not appetizing at all...the orange juice was strange!! If you are looking for a serviceable place to stay, then it would be ok....but don't get your hopes up about staying somewhere nice...and with the price of the room, you would expect much nicer!! elitha 10/21/09
91. This location was great! It is close to the Vatican as well as the Spanish Steps and Piazza Navone and the famous Fontana det Trevi. The American breakfast buffet was OK, but it was same thing everyday. I expected some variety from 4star hotel . They don't change the sheets for a whole week we stayd there. The staff were very professional but I missed the friendliness except Giuliana she was very friendly and answered with a smile. For Swidish Tourist! !one of the Staff with name "Rosita" is from Sweden take advantage of that oppurtunity if you have probelm with english, she is very nice. Tips!! !If you want to go to the beach then I would recommend you to take the train the red line towards Termini then ask for il Trenino towards Ostia di Lido. The best beach is on Stella Polare. there are very nice places but it will cost you between 8-10 EUR for Entry + sunbed and Umbrella . or do as we did take the free beach you dont need to pay anything for Entry. we paid ¨5 EUR only for sun chair with little Umbrella mounted on the sun bed "two in one". Ask the livewatcher at the beach he is the one who rent them. it will take about 35 minutes to reach the station Stella Polare with the train. and it is very cheap and save to take train in Rome.
92. This modern hotel is located close to the Vatican and also to Via Cola de Rienza one of the best shopping area of Rome. It is within walking distance of the Vatican, the shopping district, Piazza di Populo, and Castel San Angelo. While the area appears more residential access to sites and tourist areas is easy. There are trattorias and small shops nearby also for pizza or a dinner on your own.
93. This was the second time that me and wife stayed at the Cicerone, and we are ready to return as often as we land in Rome. The location is superb, specially because it's very close to major atractions in town but still secluded in a very residential area, not too turisty and off the beaten track, but if you want trendy restaurants and boutiques, everything stands at a stone throw. The rooms are confortable, clean and confortable. The beds are confy and bathrooms toileteries surprisingly nice. The staff tends to be very busy, but try a little italian and they will open their hearts!! !
94. The reason we stayed at this hotel, booked with Insights Tours. Stayed there Sept 10,11, 2006. Rooms were nice. Not alot of restaurants in the hotel's area. "Beware" checking out on the morning of Sept 13th, they wanted to charge us for two breakfast's of 31.00E that was included with our trip. Finally they said forget it.
95. I know the "star" ratings are different in Europe from the U.S., but this was like a bad Motel 6. Even when we complained about the filth (see mold in showers, carpets not vacumed, etc) and where upgraded it was bad. The only redeeming feature of this hotel is that it is well-located.
96. Our family of 4 bked through globus/monogram so it was an all inclusive packge on what rated as high superior . The facility was extremely clean and cared for daily. The bedrms were small but the beds were somewhat soft enough, the amenities in the bthrm was sufficient. The breakfast although on the expensive side was worth it specially if on the move the whole day and the next real meal is early afternoon. There is a wonderful lobby with a bar on one end and a talented piano player (on a grand piano) that couples enjoy, relax at the end of the day and get to do a little dancing. The vatican is a short 7 minutes away passing through the just building and the angel bridge. Beware though passing through the small plaza when alone at night. It is not well lighted and that plaza seems to be a gathering place for odd groups.
97. Having trawled the web for a nice hotel and failed through the sheer volume of hotels we decided to book through our local travel agent who recommended the Cicerone Hotel. We were not disappointed! The hotel was easily accessible to most of the sights - the nearest being The Vatican. The rooms were a reasonable size and more importantly, spotlessly clean and well appointed. We enjoyed a fabulous meal in the hotel's restaurant which was a little expensive but well worth it . Considering the long walk around the city taking in the beautiful sights, the last thing you want to do is go out to find a restaurant to eat. Diane from Doncaster
98. Spent two nights this week with my teenaged daughter. The room was OK - small, not fancy. Didn't feel like a 4 star hotel. Breakfast was mediocre at best. Staff was rude and unfriendly, not attentive to our needs, would not supply an adaptor, did not send promised technician to repair hair dryer. But the location was good - easy walk to the Vatican, shopping, good restaurants and gelato. Good Chinese food around the corner. Rome is HOT in the summer!! After being in London and Paris, we were happy with the cheaper prices in Rome.
99. We found the Cicerone to be clean with a cheerful staff. Our room was spotless and comfortable. The breakfast was good and plentiful. The location was in walking distance (for us) to alot of the attractions, very centrally located. We would certainly stay there again.
100. We have been guests at the Cicerone Hotel in Rome 5 times. What keeps us coming back? Location, cleanliness and the best Bar Staff in Rome. Marco Tozzetti is not only a great bartender but he is very helpful on things to do and see in Rome. Gianni, Ilaria and Dominico also can not do enough for you. We stopped by the bar boeth before and after dinner to enjoy their company; talk about what we had done during the day and get ideas for our next day. Can't wait to go back. When in Rome, if you don't stay at the Cicerone be sure to stop in and enjoy a drink with them.
