1. We purchased airfare and hotel from Travelocity. Purchased room at Mercure in the suburbs. Hotel closed for Christmas so we were booked at the Mercure Arthur Frommer in city center instead. Thank you Jesus. Arthur Frommer located within walking distance of Dam Square, Rembrandt Square, Rijksmuseum, restaurants, shopping and canals. The furniture is spartan but that is OK. Breakfast buffet is pricey but there are plenty of alternatives. Staff spoke English well and they were very helpful. Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and would recommend for anyone on a modest budget. You will not be disappointed.
2. The hotel has excellent location- close to train station (only few stops by tram or 10 min by taxi), close to all museums and all attractions you should visit in Amsterdam. If you like walking everything is within walking distance. The museums and art galleries are app 40 min walk (or 10 min tram if you dont want to walk that far), Heineken museum is just around the corner, Anne's Frank museum is 15 min by walk- honestly I couldnt imagine better location. The hotel itself is lovely- its off the main roads so its nice and quiet (we had really good sleep, not disturbed by any noise) and the rooms are simply charming. After stays in hotels that look the same, regardless where you are, its such a nice change as the room was lovely with more of personal touch. It wasnt very spacious, but its Amsterdam, you wouldnt expect lots of space, and the design of the room made up for lack of space. We had breakfast only one morning, and although its a bit pricey as other reviews mention, we were absolutely spoiled with choice. The selection was very impressive, much better in other Mercures. All members of staff vere excellent, very helpful and always there for you. There is simply nothing bad I could say about this hotel and our stay, everything was lovely, some things eg location, better than expected. Definately will book this hotel for next trip to Amsterdam:)
3. Good location, quiet, yet within very easy walking distance to the main shops and bars and restaurants. Trams 16, 24, 25 run from close by to city centre tickets can be purchased from most shops. Trams are every few minuets, so you are never waiting around for long. On arriving at Schiphol airport, and not knowing our way around, we went to the tourist information desk and bought a return ticket for the shuttle bus, which took us right to our hotel. If you have never been to Amsterdam before like us, then I can recommend you use this or you may never know how to get to the hotel. For 19 euros it was easy. The hotel staff are all very helpful and polite, the rooms are basic and well maintained, and not bad size wise, which were cleaned every day. They have a free safe deposit box, T V with some English channels as well as Dutch. The bathrooms are average in size with shower, however the showers do not have doors, and water goes all over the bathroom floor unless you turn the shower head against the wall, but there is always plenty of hot water. Continental breakfast, with a good variety on offer. Part of the hotel is none smoking, which suited us fine. You must buy a good map, don’t rely on the small free maps that are given away. Always be careful of the cyclists, they don’t give a dam and seem to have right of way, they don’t bother to stop if you get in their way. The Anne Frank museum is well worth a visit, but be warned, it’s a very moving experience. The Heineken experience is also a must. For 10 euros you get about 3 hours of fun and drinking. We certainly had a good time at the Arthur Frommer, and can recommend this hotel to the more mature traveller.
4. Our room was small but had high ceilings and a large window so felt light and airy. It was on the first floor (middle floor) and overlooked Noorderstraat. It was mainly pretty quiet.The bathroom (with walk-in shower) was generous and well appointed. The double bed was spacious and very comfortable and we slept well. There was plenty of wardrobe space and excellent flexible lighting. The breakfast was of a high standard - freshly squeezed orange juice, lovely croissant, eggs cooked to order - lots of choice.. The staff were always polite and helpful. The location was perfect for us, near the quieter pretty Prinsengracht and Reguliersgracht canals, but also only yards from the tram stop. It was easy enough to walk to the museum area and Vondelpark, or along the canals to Anne Fran's House, or into the city centre. Several good cafes nearby. (The Myrabelle deserves a mention here). A great stay. Recommended.
5. We stayed here in Nov 2009 and although the colour schemes are a little bold, we found this place very good value for money and a good all round hotel. The 3 person room we stayed in was a decent size, clean, and well maintained. The only potential issue was the rather small corner window, which did almost nothing to light up the room (althogh this was acceptable and I belive ours was the only room with the unique window, due to it's postiion on the building corner). We didnt try the breakfast, but it seamed very nice (and expensive at EURO 16.50). I would happily return to this hotel and recommend it to others.
6. The hotel is very good and clean. It’s a 5 minute walk to Flower Market and other attractions, so very close to the city centre, but in a quiet street. There are plenty of nice restaurants and bars nearby. Staff at reception were helpful and friendly. The only weird thing is that the cleaning lady knocked at the door at 9:30 AM (on the 2 mornings we stayed there) and within one second she was inside the room – not very good for privacy… Apart from that everything else was fine. Would stay there again and recommend it.
7. The hotel is close to tram but far away from the noise. Located on a quiet street, this is a true gem. And it is less than 5 minutes away from all the action. In my opinion it's strategically located between the Museum area, the tourist area (Dam) and the trendy Leidseplein. All within walking distance, no more that 10 min. Tram is about two blocks away. The staff was courteous and Ismael was truly helpful, even though he was a trainee.
8. Stay in this hotel many times and as always the staff are greater. Only compliant is about the book web site which makes it difficult to book long periods. This stay was for 19 days but had to be broken into shorter say becuase the web site would not let me book it as one stay
9. the rooms and bathroom was ideal for a short weekend away, the bed comfy and the general condition was nearly new. one poor point was at reception you cannot have a room allocated before 2 or 3pm 9although luggage storage offered), unless you upgrade 30 euros to get your room early. I will assume the hotel is always full and so no rooms are free until once cleaned. also a tea and coffee tray is 5 euros, being a regular traveller its usually the norm to have them available within the room rate
10. I have previoulsy stayed at this same hotel before with 2 friends and our triple room was fine. Good decor, good beds... this time, I came back for a double room and had a somehow negative surprise: room was much smaller, with a much poorer decor... and very very very noisy - every single morning, we were woken up by the continuous noise of doors, cleaning... really unpleasant. We did get an early checkin, which was great, but the staff was not pleasant with us at all - made crystal clear to us they were doing us a big favor. And that continued during the whole stay. Lobby was recently renewed and looks much better - but not a very good taste, I would say. The room was small, but fair - good equipment, good bed. Bathroom was small as you expect in Europe -and had the basics. Just an important note to women: they do have a hair dryer but it's crap. So if you need a dryer, better take yours, because that things if just for them to put at their website they have a hair dryer. They do have ONE single PC you can use with internet access - but many sites are bloked. And I mean regular sites - I couldnt access my email because the site was blocked (it's my company's public website), and I guarantee there's nothing pron or not appropriate there. Staff just told me there was nothing they could do. At the end, I could at least print my boarding pass there, at least... Price was not cheap, so it's definetly not a good cost benefit relatoinship. The only excellent thing is location - between the center and the museum district, near cannals... really nice location. At the end, the experience showed us that the management and staff really do not care about guests' experience - all those details that show they care lack, at all levels.
11. This charming hotel in a quiet mews near many attractions, excelled in all areas. The entrance and recepton staff were welcoming and efficient. The bedroom we were allocated had taseful elegant, high quality furnishings with a comfortable bed, pillows and warm duvet. Other room facilites included a mini bar and flat screen TV. The shower room was a good size with a high standard of cleanliness. The breakfast room had been well thoughtout with a large variety of food and the only minor irritation , was no facility for making toast.
12. Just returned from a fab weekend in Amsterdam. We booked a triple room which initially I had reservations from previous reviews, but there was plenty of room. The bathroom was nice and modern however there was a strong smell of cigarette smoke in there which was slightly off putting. The beds are very comfortable with feather pillows and thick duvet. One thing that let it down was the air conditioning. It was too hot in the night and for some reason the air con kept switching to warm air during the night. It was quite noisy trying to sleep at night with people banging doors when they got in but I thankfully packed ear plugs which blocked everything out. The hotel is in a great location, approx 15 min walk to Dam square which we were happy to do each day. There is a tram stop nearby too which we used once, very straight forward. Overall I would recommend this hotel but I think it's pot luck with what room you get.
13. I very much wanted to give this hotel five stars, but after a long journey, the first night was farcical - no sleep all night because of the noise from the central heating and then to cap that, deafening work started at 7am on the adjacent building site right outside my window. I fully accept that the hotel has no control over the building work, but it appears that the central heating problem is known to the owners. I know from my own experience of operational management that these things can be difficult to fix immediately, and the commendable staff changed my room without hesitation, but the fact remains I lost a whole night's sleep and, as that is the main point of a hotel, I feel I wasted my money and lost the enjoyment of a day's sightseeing through tiredness. I would have been very upset if I had only been staying one night and had a business appointment next day. Once the room was changed though, the noise - whilst still there - was bearable, and I was able to enjoy the very comfortable bed, good spacious shower and efficient, friendly service. The hotel is extremely clean, tastefully decorated in a modern style and situated in a peaceful residential area, although most attractions were only ten minutes or so away. I didn't try breakfast and I thought having to pay 5 Euros (per day) for a basic tea/coffee facility in the room was rather odd, but maybe that's the way things are done here. Overall, the good points notably outweighed the bad points. Once the heating problem is resolved and the building work completed next door, this will be an easy five out of five and I would definitely come back again. Until then, unfortunately, I can only rate it three stars and advise that visitors proceed with a degree of caution at the moment.
14. I booked at the Mercure because I wanted a moderately priced hotel not far from the city center. I didn't expect it to great but overall it beat my expectations. The room was clean, the bed was reasonably comfortable. There's a kindergarten just outside so there's a nice cheery vibe around the neighborhood and not a little noise at times (which I personally found rather charming). The front desk staff were cheerful and helpful, though I must say I didn't present any particular challenges. Overall, I thought this was a good place to stay. That said, I didn't love the fact that the closet and bathroom were on a different level than the rest of my room, accessible via a metal staircase. It's tedious to get up in the middle of the night and fumble up the steep stairs (slight digression: Amsterdam on the whole has the steepest stairs I've ever seen. Plan those trips to the bathroom accordingly). My room may have been the only one in the hotel with this arrangement. Or not. They didn't tell me. If they had asked whether I wanted the climb-to-the-bathroom-room I probably would have declined. I also would have had a lot less beer the first evening I was there. At least I got my exercise during the night. One thing to remember if you stay here: keep the address with you. Cab drivers without exception didn't know the hotel by the "Mercure Arthur Frommer" name and there are 3 Mercures in town. If I hadn't had the address in my phone to show them they never would have known where to go. Bottom line for me: I would go back happily, but would avoid room 112. Value for the money was better than expected.
15. The room was small, plain, and clean. The bath was about the size of one in an airplane, but there was a small pub on site, and it was a short walk to downtown. all in all, for the price I was satisfied
16. We stayed here for 3 nights in November 2010. The hotel is on tram line from airport. Get off at Heinekin Brewery and its a 3 block walk. It down a very quiet street so it was nice sleeping. We did not eat breakfast here. There was a bagel and coffee shop 2 blocks away and also some restaurants in the area. But it was just 3 or trams stops to Dam Square. Front desk was helpful with a map. Would stay here again. Rooms nice and bathrooms very nice
17. Great hotel in a fantastic location, hidden away in a mainly residental area but just a few minutes walk from the Prinsengracht. Our room was delightfully decorated and very quiet. Comfortable bed and the bathroom facilities were excellent. The TV had a number of English speaking channels and the mini-bar well stocked and not hugely overpriced!! My only gripe is the price of the hotel breakfast, 17.50Euro per person is rather crazy in my opinion - and obviously we didn't partake! There are plenty of local cafes nearby and even an organic supermarket in the vicinity should you wish to purchase food on the go. We didn't sample the downstairs bar - but it looked smart. I'd definitely recommend :)
18. Stayed in this hotel on probably the most freezing weekend ever in Amsterdam was -15 degrees, also coupled with some snow, Scotland where we left was more tropical. Asides from this the hotel was excellent arrived at 245am due to airport delays the man on reception was friendly and helpful and the rooms were warm. Cleanliness was excellent in the rooms and the staff on reception were helpful too all with excellent English. Only downside was paying for the tea but bearing in mind the temperature I probably wouldnt have took this option if it hadnt been so cold out. The tv had English spoken channels too which was handy. The location was great a nice quiet area but still close enough to the action once figured out where we were going. Would definetly stay here again when I return to Amsterdam.
19. Booked this hotel as two ,middle aged ,women away for a few days break, after reading recommendations from others on here. We haven't been been disappointed at all. It's in a quiet street away from the main touristy places yet only a short stroll away from everything. Just been to the steak restaurant on the same street which is lovely (too shattered to walk any further after been out all day till six). And now sat watching tv in the room. We booked a privilege room (214)which is great and has tea making, dressing gowns slippers and a large bottle of water everyday - it was only a few euros more booked in advance on the Mercure site. Yes the walls aren't soundproofed ,it's an old building. Do wish they would get some better door closers on the rooms to stop them banging closed though - or only allow considerate guests to stay! We had breakfast at the bagel cafe and broodhuys, both great - broodhuys doesn't take cash and doesnt have any normal English breakfast tea though. We have walked and walked, had a great time and would stay again.
20. If you want to stay in historic Amsterdam, in an old Amsterdam building, tucked alongside the canals and cobbled streets, this is the place. The rooms have the big windows and high ceilings that you expect from an old Amsterdam house. The light floods into the room. The bathrooms are a little compact, but kitted out with everything you need. The reception team are very helpful. It is a 15 minute walk from Muntplein or Leidseplein if you want tourist restaurants and bars. It is a 2 minute walk to the nearest tram stop. We ate out for breakfast, or picked up a picnic from the one of the many stores/deli's nearby. The buffet breakfast in the hotel is EUR 16 per person, but we did take up the EUR5 a day coffee/tea making facilities.
21. I enjoyed the location of the hotel, but the room had a very worn out, dated look to it, and the bathroom was ridiculously funky. The carpet seemed unclean, the blankets and pillows very old and uninviting. Most annoying was the low level of sound proofing in the facility--this is a good hotel for people who don't mind the sound of doors slamming day and night. Many of the guests seemed to have little regard for others' sleep; there was lots of hollering out in the hall. The windows could use improvement, as even on the quiet street we faced, there were motorists and drunken revelers passing by in the wee hours of the night. While some of the desk clerks we encountered there were helpful and professional, one was downright rude about giving directions to the VanGogh museum upon our arrival and another was curt and impatient. Breakfast was just so-so; we only ate there once and preferred to walk to Village Bagel on the main street. Unfortunately, the main street leading to Noordestraat was all torn up and under construction, which gave our approach to the property an industrial, unpleasant feel. But once we wandered through the canal streets east of the hotel, we fell under the spell of Amsterdam. We wished we'd opted for a hotel on a canal, with a little more charm. The Mercure Arthur Frommor was just utilitarian.
22. The Mercure Arthur Frommer is located right on the edge of the City Center, making it an ideal hotel if you're in Amsterdam for work. The staff are great and the facilities are decent. If you go in the winter, the heaters in the rooms tend to take a long while to warm up, so it can get chilly at times. Overall, it was a decent hotel and great value!
23. Pros: Good location. Very friendly staff. Cons: Hotel is run down. Clean, but need some attention paid to it. Room was really small. Located in an alleyway, which made getting home at night a little scary. Bottom Line: Basic hotel if you're looking for something cheap, but I wouldn't stay here again.
24. The hotel is located in a quiet side street just outside the main centre of Amsterdam. It is within easy walking distance of the central area of Rembransplein, Dam and Leidseplein, museum area. The hotel is well-served by public transport, particularly by tram with direct lines to the Central Station in about 10 minutes (4-5 stops) and Leidseplein (2 stops/10 mins walk). The hotel is very clean and has a modern interior. The room was well-laid out, the bathroom was clean and modern, there was a wide range of TV channels in several different languages. Quality of sleep was excellent (very quiet area) although I was woken each morning by slamming doors, whether from other guests or cleaning staff I am not sure. I did not take breakfast at the hotel. At 16 euros this appeared to be quite steep. The hotel had 1 internet terminal in the lobby, which was heavily used, and when I did have a chance to use it it was very slow. However this is an excellent choice for a hotel in one of the most popular cities in Europe.
25. Hotel was ok and in a very good location, but the €45 per night parking charge was extortionate. We were also advised on arrival that our rate included breakfast but when we checked out we discovered it wasn't and had to pay €17.50 each per day. We'd have eaten out if we'd known. The rooms and cleanliness were fine.
26. This is a great little hotel - it's not posh, it just does the essentials really well. The location is great - about 20 - 30 minutes walk to the Old Town and 10 minutes from Leidesplein or Rembrantsplein. It's in a quiet residential area so not much traffic or drunken reveller noise. Rooms are small but nicely decorated. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Breakfast was tasty. All in all, £300 for a double room for 3 days including breakfast seemed like a damn good deal. Would definitely stay again.
27. We choose this hotel from trip-advisor recommendation. Great choice, best location, very nice and quiet street. The service is very effective. The room was clean and spacious. The hotel was recently renovated and everything is new. Breakfast and breakfast room - a must. In summary, we will be back!
28. We stayed here as part of package deal and it turned out to be a very pleasant hotel. The location was very good and within easy walking distance of everything. The street was very charming. The hotel was clean and the room was a good sized. There is nothing so special about this hotel, but if you are looking for a safe, reasonably priced hotel in a nice area of Amsterdam, then stay here.
29. The location is great: a quiet neighborhood, but a moderate walk to anywhere in central Amsterdam and quite close to the museums. Just a few blocks to several trams. Rooms are small (judging from the floor plan, mine was one of the smallest, but comfortable and with a relatively large bath and shower). I think the soundproofing is a bit lacking; I wasn't bothered much by noise, but I could imagine that noisy neighbors in the hallway might be a problem. Breakfast is good, but not cheap. Staff is efficient and friendly.
30. We stayed for 2 nights and wanted to stay near Leideseplein but didnt want to go over budget. This hotel is definitely off the beaten path, but its not too far from some of the main areas. The plus is that you are in a quiet area and its peaceful to walk around and not crowded with tourists. Very comfortable beds, good size rooms and bathrooms. Internet worked good. Great bagel cafe 3 blocks away around the corner from the hotel. Wasn't in Amsterdam too long so didnt spend too much time in the hotel. But it was all we needed and not to bad of a walk to get places. Would definitely stay here again, however, we may want to stay in a different area if we go back.
31. Small hotel on a small and quiet side street in Amsterdam. Had to walk a bit to get to the central area but it didn't ever take long. Nice and helpful staff. Good selection in their breakfast bar. Rooms are a bit tight for a family of 3 (our child is 17) but they did manage to fit in an extra bed without too many problems. We were never in the room for anything but sleeping any way. If you like quiet and a little off the beaten path then this is the perfect hotel. We would stay here again. Also...there is a shuttle from the airport to get here and take you back again. It does cost but inexpensive compared to a taxi.
32. This hotel is located in a quieter area of Amsterdam about a 5 min walk to the main action. It's actually pretty good if you dont want to be around all the sleaziness of central Amsterdam. Price was great about $70 for the room as we booked pretty early. Rooms a little small but beds were very comfy. Wifi a little strange giving you vouchers with access numbers that expire after 24 hours. Still a great midrange option in Amsterdam.
33. Stayed at this property on March 12 - 15 with a friend. Staff was very nice, although no one offered to assist us with our bags. At the entrance, there's a small flight of stairs and the elevator is tiny. They have a computer in the lobby where you can surf the internet for free. Or you can purchase wifi time via T-Mobile HotSpot in your room...you can buy by the hour and split up your time during your stay. Front desk manager was nice enough to print out my train confirmation when asked if they had a printer (which they do not have a public one). Room was okay...not huge but not tiny. It was comfortable for us. Location was wonderful. We were within walking distance of the Heineken Experience and the main street to catch the tram. There was a supermarket nearby, coffeehouse around the corner and some places to eat. It cost us $11 for a taxi ride from Centraal Train Station to the hotel. I would definitely stay here again. We didn't do the breakfast so I have no comment to offer on the food.
34. Have stayed here a couple of times. The hotel is basic for the cost and so much more could be done with it based on its great heritage. The hotel doesn't offer much by way of facilitys, expensive breakfast and a small dingy bar but the rooms are comfy dispite being very basic but have some charm about them. The loctaion is the best thing as it's in a quiet residential area next to a small school yet it is only a short walk to all the main areas. That is the main reason I always choose this hotel.
35. We stayed here for 4 nights and wanted a nice hotel to use as a base when sightseeing around Amsterdam. It was ideal for us! We got a tram from the central station and then a short walk to the hotel. The hotel is tucked away on some residential streets, so nice to be away from the hustle and bustle. Our room was a good size - big, comfortable bed, ensuite shower room (small but newly refurbished). We were out and about sightseeing so only came back to our room to sleep, but had a good stay and would definitely recommend it. The bedrooms are nice and fresh as have been recently refurbished. It was good value for money.
36. Stayed here for a three night break, had originally booked a standard room, but upon arrival early Monday decided to take them up on their offer of upgrading to a superior room for an extra €30 per night, and room was available immediately. Stayed in room 112 which is a large room, with floor to ceiling double aspect windows, flooding the room with natural light... Lovely. Bathroom is compact, but everything is there and plenty of amenities which are topped up every day. We purchased a four day pass for the trams, and within a day realised how very very easy it is to use, and the fact the hotel is slightly further out than others, means that you have a really quiet night sleep. Everything is sparkling clean. The reception staff are polite and helpfull, and more than happy to provide you with information on where to go, helping us to print off our boarding passes ... We had their mini breakfast one day ... So we sat in their bar area and Amin (I think) served us in there. Very charming, if we wanted more coffee etc not a problem, just ask. I didn't like having the packet creamer on our coffee tray in our room, not a problem, within five minutes housekeeping presented me with a jug of milk to put in our fridge. I like the fact the hotel decor is different, eccletic and so very clean. Thank you for a lovely stay.
37. All I want from a city hotel is comfortable bed, big breakfast and great location. Mercury Arthur Frommer was a great choice. 5 min walk to Rembrandt Sq, 10 min to Leidse Sq., and about 10min ride by tram to Central St. ( stop is just 3min away - 2.80eur ). Location is very romantic and safe. Building is in residential area...no traffic...what a blisful sleep accomplished by very comfy bed and soft linens. Rooms are not huge but ok and showers are modern and clean and contains some shower gel,soap etc. Decor is corky and fresh, especially the stripy carpet is really cute. Check in fast, not overly friendly, but decent enough. And breakfast (included in my deal) was fabulous. Big selection of breads, pastries etc. Juices,coffees, fresh fruits, cold bar...more than you need. So overall stay was very pleasant and next time in Amsterdam...I am back in Mercury.
38. I cannot believe the prior posts. My experience in this hotel was excellent! CHEAP, CLEAN and with FRIENDLY STAFF. Clean air conditioned rooms, bathroom including amenities (soap, shampoo, lotion), very friendly staff always willing to help you with directions and maps and well located (1 1/2 block away from the nearest tram stop). A grocery store is 1 block away, a couple of restaurants are about 160 feet from the hotel and the Heineken Museum is a short walk distance. This hotel is now part of the Accor chain hotels. Maybe those awful experiences I read in the prior reviews happened before this Mercure Frommer hotel acomplishes the Accor standard. I totally recommend this hotel for young people with a controlled budget.
39. We booked through Airmiles to stay 2 nights at this hotel. The Airmiles pictures definitely make the hotel look more luxurious than it is in person. The fixtures and furnishings in the bedroom are ready for refurbishment and the bathroom needs a deep clean. The location is ideal for exploring Amsterdam and there are tram links close by. Don't hail a cab unless you can speak Dutch because we were truly ripped off; I don't think the taxi driver realised we had been in Amsterdam for a couple of days and had walked the road numrous times when he took the scenic route and charged us E15 for what should have been a 3km journey. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is good - healthy and fresh with plenty of choice, but don't expect service with a smile. General value for money was about average, I reckon.
40. Stayed for 4 nights at Arthur Frommer. Room was on 3rd floor, facing over the street, at the front of the hotel. We'd booked a twin, but actually got a room with a large double and a single, so we had lots of room. Very impressed with the cleanliness and standard of housekeeping. The beds were supremely comfortable, and the ensuite, whilst compact, was modern, stylish and featured a large shower, with non-stop hot water and plenty of towels. Having read other reviews of the hotel, I'm surprised that people have complained about the noise. We heard nothing at all from neighbouring rooms, and could only occasionally hear doors closing further down the corridor - certainly nothing to cause a problem. The street is quiet. There is a school/nursery nearby, but the noise is only intermittent during the day, and, to be honest, it's a nice sound anyway. Location is terrific. Tram runs past end of the street but we pretty much walked everywhere. It takes about 20 minutes to walk to the Oude Kerk and the same to walk to The Jewish Quarter or the Museum Quarter. You're just a few steps away from some of the prettiest stretches of canal. There's a large supermarket a block away with everything you might need and several cafes/ restaurants within very easy reach. The area felt very safe, even late at night. Reception staff extremely helpful and professional, and speak pretty impeccable English. They helped with directions, booking the airport shuttle etc. Only two downsides. (1) breakfast not inc and charged at approx 18 euros pp per day. We skipped this and got what we needed from the supermarket. (2) no tea tray in room but is offered at a rate of 5 euros a day. I thought this was a bit poor - it surely can't cost much to put a modest hospitality tray in the room and it's nice to be able to get a hot drink when you want it. These are the 2 reasons why i've not scored top marks.
41. good points - clean, comfortable, many languages spoken by polite & helpful staff. quiet street close to romantic canals and friendly bars bad points breakfast overpriced & slow delivery of request for coffee in room (over 30 mins), room smaller than expected but upgrade was possible. summary - excellent hotel for romantic visit to Amsterdam but consider upgrading orm basic room
42. This hotel was excellent. In a very quiet street, away from the red light district but still walking distance from all the main attractions. Hotel staff were pleasant. It was an advantage having a 24 hour manned reception desk. Close to breakfast spots, museums and restaurants. Definitely worth the money.
43. This hotel is a hidden gem in Amsterdam. It is in a secluded courtyard just off one of main roads leading to the Dam Square and Central Station. Most of the main sights are in easy walking distance. The Staff were v friendly and efficient, speaking english as one of their many languages. Booking in was v easy. Our Room was clean and airy, the Bed was v confortable, with a good ensuite wc/shower. Breakfast was of qood qualitiy continental style, the waiting staff were good. Eggs were cooked to order. The reception staff gave us good directions to help get our bearings on our first venture out. They also recommended good restaurants nearby, which we did manage to visit. Only down side to our stay was the lack of compilmentary tea/coffee facilities in the room, but these were available from the reception for a charge. We would stay here again and would highly recommend this hotel to others
44. We stayed here last year almost same time and came again last weekend for 2 nites. Its 200m from tram stop which takes you in 10 mins to city centre, 200m from mini supermarket for extras and 50m from Mellow Yellow, a great coffee shop...... There is no restaurant in hotel only small bar but several to choose from within 500m. We ate first nite at Les Fles on next canal north about 250m & next nite at authentic indonesian on Utrechstrasse, Tempoe Doeloe which was quite special, about 600m. We find eating out in Amsterdam expensive for food and wine but it is too in Lindon! Its 25m off main road so quiet at nite, stylish with a nice courtyard and nice rooms. The room we had on first stay was on ground (1) floor, last weekend was on 3rd floor so not so grand in attic but still well appointed with Velux window. We did not realise room had air con until 2nd nite when we awoke too hot and switched it on. Only disappointment is that no rooms seem to have bath tubs only showers, and the breakfast is expensive unless you are all inclusive.
45. Stayed in this wonderful hotel for two nights and couldn't have had a more enjoyable stay. Placed in a charming street, within walking distance of canals, shops and attractions, it was spotlessly clean, with trendy decor, lovely bar & restaurant and staff were very efficient and friendly. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
46. I stayed here for 2 nights this month. The hotel is on a quiet residential street which is within a 10-15 minute walk from the main shopping areas etc. Rooms are pretty spacious and have a nice bright colour scheme. I was given a room on the 3rd floor which was very cosy and quiet. In fact I didn't see any other guests while I was there at all. Breakfast is served in the basement room, with a wide range of food available and I would recommend it. Although I think it is quite expensive if not included in your rate. The staff are very friendly and have lots of info on what to do in Amsterdam. The only downside of the hotel I could see were that they didn't have anywhere to eat or any room service. There is a restaurant just along the street from the hotel as well as some other places nearby though.
47. Location: Tucked away from main street, the hotel really feels like part of the neighbourhood. Very quiet and quaint. It's a great location, not too far from anything. Easily accessible from three tram lines, 16, 24, 25. At night, after clubbing, if you don't want to wait for the night bus, you can always walk home as well (since Amsterdam is very compact). I was clubbing in Leidsplein area and walked home in 15-20 mins. In the morning, Every morning, I walked 5-10 mins to Munt-Plein (Flower market) and had breakfast along the canal there. Cleanliness: Very clean and recently remodeled so toilet fixtures, beddings, TV, desk, etc are all in great condition. Room/Computer: I was in 308, their top floor, so I had a slanted roof. I have no problem walking around, but tall people might hit the ceiling. There was a PC in the lobby for everyone to use free of charge. Value: Hotel prices tend to be higher in AMS due to its limited availability. Mercure provides a good balance between value, location, and facility. Overall: Very happy with my stay, a cozy room without that boring hotel feel.
48. I booked the hotel through flying blue miles for 3 nights for me, my wife and my 16th months' son. Everyone was really very friendly, the rooms are extremely clean and nice, breakfast rich and of very good quality and the area, where the hotel is, very quiet. Also it is located close to the centre of the town and we could reach all the places we were intereseted to visit by foot, which was very important especially considering that we were travelling with a small kid. End of the day we were very happy about it and, in case we are back in Amsterdam, this hotel will be our first choice.
49. The hotel is very good, the staff very friendly. Location is quite good. Not gobsmacked in the city, but close to all of attractions. We were able to checked in before the say-so checking time, and we were asked whether we would like to leave our luggage after we checked out. The bed is AMAZING, the pillows were so nice, it made me want to throw pillows I have at home and get one that is exactly like the ones at the hotel. TV has zillions of channel (maybe not zillions, but it seems like never ending channels). BUT... I requested when I booked that we would like 1 double bed and 1 single, instead I got 3 singles. When asked how come we got singles bed, they nonchalantly that the particular room has been given away, so O well, what can we do kinda attitude. All good, I'm not fussy. Next, we were advised that wifi is available entire hotel. We didn't get it in our room, maybe because our room was kinda underground, so the wifi doesn't get to our area. The most disturbing part is, when I went to shower, there are A LOT of dead bugs on the floor. It seems that (maybe) the room has been unoccupied for sometime and hasn't been clean again when we get there. Overall a good stay, if only there are no bugs on the bathroom floor...
50. This is a charming hotel in a great location in the central city. It's walking distance to many things, including the famous museums, and a short tram ride to central station. The rooms are small, but comfortable and clean, and have all the usual amenities, including free wireless internet. I did not try the breakfast, since it was rather expensive (17.50 euro), and there were nice bakeries right around the corner. The staff were helpful and friendly, and made me feel very welcome. I would definitely return to this hotel on my next trip to Amsterdam.
51. Hotel is situated in a quiet part of the city, about 20 minutes walk from the main tourist areas. It is rather difficult to find because of the narrow one-way streets, but is worth the effort. Overall we had a happy experience, except for a shock on check-out when we were charged 90 euros for two days parking. No mention had been made of this at any time.
52. We hve just returned from a 2 night trip to Amsterdam staying in this excellent hotel. The hotel couldnt have been better. It was spotless and the staff were so helpful and caring and efficient. The choice of food served at breakfast was first class, and there was something for all tastes. The position was also excellent as all the main places to visit were in walking distance. We would definately revisit and would have no hestitation in recommending it to anyone.
53. The hotel is in a canal belt and easily walkable to the main attractions - the Heineken Experience, Anne Frank and the Rijks and Van Gogh Museums. Its not in party central, which means quiet nights. Also there is a tram stop nearby on the main road. I had no problems getting around Amsterdam from this base. The reception is currently undergoing renovation, which isn't pretty. Hans checked me in and he was courteous and welcoming. The double room was small, but pretty good value for Amsterdam standards, and the new furnishings were lovely. The walls were painted a dark blue, which may not be to everyone's taste but the look went well with the coloured carpets and decor. Lots of restaurants in the area, and there are cafes, a deli and a bagel shop just around the corner.
54. Hotels in Amsterdam in Amsterdam expensive! This hotel is a great price for the quality and nice and modern. The 1 euro bus/van hop on hop off that runs around and stops anywhere is very very close to the hotel and well worth using. Hotel also really close to the Heiniken factory!!! Worth staying at.
55. Rooms are clean and look nice but at about 2-5am the pipe works for the hotels central heating fires up and you hear constant noise in the rooms from radiator pipes (even if the radiator is switched off). We stayed 4 nights and were moved rooms 3 times and all the rooms same problems. If you are a light sleeper like me the hotel is not good. You also hear a lot of noise from other rooms as the walls are thin.
56. We stayed at the Mercure Amsterdam Arthur Frommer for 3 nights in January 2010. We stayed many times at Accor hotels before (whether Sofitel / Mercure or Novotel) and never had to complain. However, Mercure Amsterdam Arthur Frommer deserves one. It took us 25 minutes to check-in, as the receptionist was being rude to a guest instead of trying to help and confort. This caused the guest to complain even more. She was not kind with any of the following guests, including us. Guests in front of us were Gold members and asked for an upgrade. She replied with a straight rude 'no ugrade, sorry'. We asked for a basic info, she replied she did not know. Rooms are good and modern, positions was excellent, in the middle of some of the nicest canals. At check-out, again, a receptionist, this time a loud man, was rude to a guest that complained about high extra charges. Apparently they charge EUR 20 for parking, EUR 5 for internet., EUR 10 for coffe in the room. Again only 1 receptionist and 6 guests checking out. Some guests wanted lo leave baggages at the hotel for a while. Considering the queue, the receptionist could have collected them, and deposit them later. On the contrary he rudely inticated the way to the guests, left the reception, and went with them to a store room very far away. When he came back, looking quite distressed and upset that the queue was getting longer, he entered a room, to exit after a minute. He kept speaking so loud that everybody could hear all other guests: name, surname, details of nights stayed, minibar, movies watched. In short Agreable hotel, but AWFULLY RUDE reception staff. Will not come back.
57. The hotel is located quite centrally with being in an overly crowded area. You can get a day pass and hop on the tram that stops really close by and takes you directly to the Dam Square. There are a few cafes and restaurants nearby. Leidepleinssquare is about 5 minutes walk. Actually, everything is quite close on foot. The hotel is nice and clean. Check in was fine and everyone is friendly. The only downside are the very small rooms, which do not leave much room for luggage, while the bathroom is fairly large with quite some unused space. Note that there is a school across the street, so when you get a room facing east, you will hear screaming in the morning. All in all a good value. I would go back.
58. I stayed in a triple room for two nights. The hotel looks nice and is very well located, most attractions are on walking distance. The breakfast was perfect for me, plenty of healthy choices. The only disadvantage was that the hotel was rather noisy on the second night. There is also no double glass so there might be noise from the street. However, I slept very well because of the great beds!
59. I have visited this hotel three times in the last two years. Always very clean and quiet, excellent breakfast. Rooms at second and top floor are also extremely charming and big, while the rooms at ground floor are very small and those next to the service entry are noisy. There is no price difference really, so first bookings get the better rooms... Public transport is very close and connects perfectly both directly to the city center and on the circle lines around the city.
60. We took our two children to Amsterdam for a few days in March and were really pleased with this hotel. It is in a great location - a quiet side street away from hustle and bustle, but within easy walking distance of plenty of things to see & do. The hotel was very clean & the staff very friendly, particularly towards the children (who incidentally loved the artwork in the room). The tv able to receive BBC was an unexpected bonus for the kids. Breakfast was typically European but plenty of it.
61. This hotel was comfortable, clean, and offered great service. The room was smaller than American hotel rooms, but it was enough space for the two of us and the bathroom was bigger than average. Modern details and fantastic customer service at the front desk made this hotel feel like home during our stay in Amsterdam. It is located on a quiet street a block from a canal and is walkable to major attractions.
62. We stayed at this hotel May 11-13, 2011. The rooms are modern, clean. The beds are ex excellent. The bathroom excellent. There is no restaurant, and the breakfast is a little pricy - but the staff are most helpful and welcoming. The location is not bad, a little walk or tram ride away from most tourist spots. Highly recommend, would not disappoint.
63. Just returned from a 2 night stay here. Rooms were small - basically just the bed and no room for much else. The beds themselves were comfortable,however, and the rooms were clean. Two of us had rooms on the ground floor and found the noise from reception annoying - the noise seemed to travel along the corridor so clearly it felt as though someone was right outside your room. Also got woken by a banging noise which seemed to be coming from the heating system or pipes. Staff were helpful, friendly and accommodating which redeems this hotel somewhat. Nice hotel but we wouldn't opt to stay here again.
64. The location is convenient for sightseeing - you can get any of most interesting places on foot, the staff is very helpful and friendly. Disadvantage - breakfast is very expensive, although there is a variety of good meal and drinks. Walls and doors are not sound protected, so if someone talks loudly in the floor hall you can be disturbed and even woken up.
65. We visited this hotel in late March, and found it to be really agreable. It is in a perfect location - tram stops are a few minutes walk from it in either direction - to Leidseplein or the Dam and all other tourist attractions in between. Or if the weather is nice (it was freeezing last week) you can easily walk to everywhere. Hotel staff were pleasant and helpful, the room was a decent size, with comfortable beds, tv, mini bar, and large shower room. Breaksfast room/Bar was a decent size. Can't fault the hotel at all really.. would throuoghly recommend as it is very comfortable. In a good location, but also benefits from being in a quiet street away from the hustle and bustle. Would thoroughly recommend. Enjoy your stay.
66. We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It is in a pretty and peaceful location, but within easy walking distance of restaurants and centre. The rooms were clean and modern, but quite small. It was necessary to pay extra for the tea and coffee facilities by the day, which seemed incredibly mean. The room was clean, the bed was reasonably comfortable. There's a kindergarten just outside so there's a little noise at times but at weekends very quiet. One downside was at about 2-5am the pipes for the hotels central heating fires up and you hear constant noise in the rooms from radiator pipes (even if the radiator is switched off).
67. I am a Favorite Guest Business program member which had pre-paid our stay but entered the wrong A Club number. When I arrived, I asked to have the discount applied and enter to the correct Business card number. The hotel manager refused to give the program discount. This hotel management has a poor attitude toward the customer and it appears the management at this hotel is just looking for excuses not to give you the discount. This same situation happened to me at another Accor hotel and that hotel manager was more than happy to provide the discount. Beware of typos when enter your A Club loyalty number when booking this hotel.
68. This hotel is well situated in a quiet street. The building is a restored townhouse, and the room was comfortable and clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. Free wi-fi is available and works well. I would recommend this hotel to business travellers and tourists.
69. Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights on a business trip. The rooms are small but very stylishly decorated and with good modern bathrooms and very comfy beds and pillows. The hotel is situated on a quiet residential street which means you get a good nights sleep. However, you're not far from all the sights and it's a very pleasant stroll along some of the prettiest canals to Rebrandtplein and the city centre. Breakfast was good with plenty of choice and good freshly squeezed orange juice. The hotel bar is pricey, but nice for a drink before heading out of an evening. Staff were very helpful with restaurant recommendations and travel tips. I'll be back!
70. Good, clean room. Clean hotel. EXCELLENT staff was Incredibly helpful from the beginning of my stay until the end. Free wifi in the lobby and in the room (you can use it on your handheld device and laptop w/same free code unlike some hotels who act like wifi is sacred.....it's 2011 and wifi THROUGHOUT THE HOTEL AND IN THE ROOMS should be free. This hotel understands that!). Room is not huge but not terribly small either. If you want to be a few blocks from the heart of the action this is an excellent choice. You're probably 100 yards from the tram stop, a block or so from a grocery store and even closer to a few pubs and restaurants. I stayed in room 120 (first floor no elevator required). GOOD SELECTION. I will definitely stay here again if I'm in Amsterdam. I was freaked out that it may be a mediocre hotel since people bash hotels for silly reasons, however if you need a nice, clean, reliable hotel in a good location this is your best bet. I'd love for it to have been less expensive but w/the way people talk about cleanliness, mice, etc. in other less expensive hotels there's NO WAY I'd take that risk. Thanks for an awesome stay.
71. Have just returned from a great stay at this hotel. Arrived early at the hotel and our room was not ready. Reception kindly looked after our luggage whilst we went to explore the area. The hotel is set just off the main city centre but all areas of interest are within walking distance. We were impressed with our room. Very comfortable bed and good shower. Breakfast, which was included in our package price, was exceptional. Freshly squeezed orange juice, cereals, cheeses, hams, pates, fresh fruit, all kinds of fresh bread as well as scrambled eggs and bacon. You could also order freshly cooked fried eggs if you preferred. Being English, I do like tea/coffee facilities in the room which are not provided. However, you could book this facility for 5 Euros a day, which is very good value when a cup of coffee averages 3 Euros in local cafes. Overall, a great stay in a very comfortable hotel with friendly staff. Would definitely stay again if returning to Amsterdam.
72. We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It is in a pretty and peaceful location, but within easy walking distance of restaurants. The rooms were clean and modern, but quite small. It was necessary to pay extra for the tea and coffee facilities by the day, which seemed incredibly mean. Parking was very expensive, but at least there was some available. We didn't really have any choice but to pay it as the street parking was also expensive and I never saw a spare space. We were told of the charges on arrival, so it wasn't a surprise. We ate breakfast at the hotel on the last morning of our stay. There were two price choices, express which was 8 euros and eaten in the bar or the full breakfast for 16 euros and eaten in the restaurant. I would not say that either of these options were good value for money, but Amsterdam did seem particulalrly expensive compared with others I have visited. In summary, I would recommend the quality of the hotel, but be prepared to pay for it.
73. great Hotel, good quiet location, easy walking to Rijksmuseum, van gogh and lots of others. good breakfast, lots of buffet food. GOOD location, quietness, rooms layout. BAD No lift at street level, so some stairs to carry suitcases. highly recommended to stay in, will defenately go back.
74. I stayed at the Mercure Arthur Frommer this summer and the temperature went up to tropical hights. It was hell at night altough they claim to have airconditioning. The barman was smelly and was asking for a tip! Brutally! To make things even worse: the night porter was drunk!! I complained to the manager but she tried to blame me!! Never, never, never stay at this hotel
75. Our room was on the 3rd floor, and had a sloping roof, affecting one side of the bed making it hard to get in and out. Staff were generally ok, except the cleaning staff who ignored the do-not-disturb sign on our room, and chose to make it up anyway. We didn't want it made up, we wanted out privacy. We were out of the hotel at the time but that's hardly the point. The colour scheme of the room was a sort of lime green and a pinky colour. Sort of odd really. Location-wise, the hotel is in a nice, quiet location that seems very residential. It's close to Leidensplan, with lots and lots of restaurants, things to see and do. It's a bit of a walk from the Red Light district, but you could always get a tram. We were very upset to discover that for the rate we pay for an Accor 4 star-hotel, there was no in-room coffee facilities. A sign in the lift kindly offered it to us for 5EUR a night. That';s not reasonable at a hotel of this level.
76. What a great hotel. Situated in a very quiet residential street within easy walking distance of most of the major tourist sites in Central Amsterdam. The welcome at reception was very warm and amusing (being told the room was the only one where it is advisable not to be drunk upon entry!). The room was immaculate and very comfortable but a little cold to begin with due to the heating not having been switched on, but this was soon rectified. The bar is very pleasant and spent a very agreeable late Saturday evening in the company of the barman and a Norwegian engineer. The tranquility is marvellous compared to some other Amsterdam city centre hotels I have stayed in. I will definitely use this hotel in future.
77. I spent 3 nights and is just great. Nice location, in the nicest part of the town with beautiful canals. I took a privileged room are just restored so everything is new and confortable. Very nice decoration, good breakfast. It was all great. Friendly service. 5 min walk to rembrandt plain.
78. I stayed here for two nights with two girlfriends - they even managed to find us a room with three single beds! Spotlessly clean, tastefully decorated and with staff that really couldn't do enough to assist. The bar was lovely. The beds were really comfortable and although we were at the front of the hotel, we were not disturbed by noise even though we slept with the window open. The hotel is in a lovely quiet spot but within easy walking distance of the canals, shops etc. Our only small negative comment would be that there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room (although available from room service). I would definitely return, as would my friends. A truly welcoming place to rest your head whilst enjoying the beautiful city of Amsterdam.
79. Amsterdam is a beautiful city, hotel was perfect location, very quiet,wonderful breakfasts, really well managed, its a pleasant walk to all sights, flower market very close. felt very safe, did boat trip and really enjoyed it, gives you a great feel for the city. Alot to do and see, so will definately return.
80. Spotlessly clean,very comfortable bed and really nice staff.If you stay here you will most likely use the trams a lot so you should get a 24hr pass (7 euro) as it is 2euro60 every time you ride. You can also get a 48hr but you have to go to the station for this. Take a look at the little voucher stand in the lobby as we got discount on a few things with these including the beautiful museum of bags and purses. The bar is very nice and we went there a couple of nights, the staff where very good. Didnt have breakfast as it was 17euro and there are too many other options nearby. We tried the 1euro breakfast at the HEMA store and it really was great value. Apart from an issue with noisy heating we couldn,t fault this hotel .
81. Just stayed for 3 nights with 6 friends & found the hotel to be better than expacted. Having stayed in a few Mercure hotels (generally on cheap & cheerful breaks) we found the hotel to be better than expected. The staff were friendly, rooms smallish but clean (cleaned every day) & the continental breakfast more than adequate (with exceptional fresh orange juice - a machine squuzed them freshly as required). The location was down a quiet side street but near enough for "hitting the town", with good tram links although close enough for walking. One exceptional point was that I managed to leave some cash in the room safe & only remembered after checking out! However, they had it safely kept in reception. It is also near (only 50 yards from) a very good "local" steak restaurant Steakhouse Piet de Leeuw.
82. With Mercure you can be confident of a nice, clean room with free internet and excellent breakfast. There's some construction outside the hotel, which made it a bit noisy (but no fault of the hotel). The site was accomodating and professional. The rooms are good for the rates charged and the furniture is comfortable. English TV is an added bonus. The location is within walking distance of the city centre but situated in a quiet setting, away from the noise and stress of downtown.
83. Actually I liked the location, on a quiet residencial street, and liked the style of building. But the good part stops here... I hated the room decoration. The first room I occupied had a brown and blue painting, very dark and tight. Never felt so bad in a hotel room. Internet connection didn't worked with cable, and wireless was T-Mobile, wich I could not use because don't had a T-Mobile phone and could not use credit card for paying the service due to company policies. I finished using the desktop PC near the frontdesk... After complaining about internet I tried another room where the connection still didn't worked but I could get free access from a hotspot and the room was better, with more space and "lighter" green paint. The building itself is charmy, with the help of a good IT pro for fixing the internet problems and a good decorator or architect to redesign the rooms it can get quite better. At least new carpet and paintings... Meanwhile, I would never get back...
84. We stayed here for a couple of nights in March 2012. Our room was on the second floor and really quite lovely. Very clean, modern, and stylish. It wasn’t a huge room, but there was some storage space and a wardrobe, which was ample as there were just the two of us and we didn’t have too much luggage. The bed was comfortable and spotless, although a word of warning to anyone who considers themselves to be tall: me and my partner are both on the ‘petite’ side, but even we found the bed was a bit too short as our toes were hanging over the end of the bed! The bathroom was also really clean and stylish, and the complimentary toiletries were a nice touch. Our room did overlook the building work that was going on next door, so although the view wasn’t wonderful, we weren’t disturbed by it in any way. And thankfully, we didn’t have the problem with noisy pipes that has been reported by other guests! We didn’t have breakfast during our stay and so I can’t comment on that, but we did make use of the hotel bar, which was really well designed and has a lovely ambiance. The prices were really reasonable too, compared to other European hotels that I’ve stayed in. All the staff we dealt with were courteous and polite, and more than happy to help us out. We found the location of the hotel to be pretty much perfect for us. It only took about 10 minutes to walk into Dam square in the evenings, yet it’s far enough away from the hubbub that it’s surprisingly quiet and peaceful for a city centre hotel. It’s easily within walking distance of the Rijksmuseum and the Heineken experience, and about a 10 minute tram ride away from Dam Central station and the canal boat piers. So overall, I really don’t have a bad word to say about this place! I would recommend it to other travelers as a good base to explore the city, without paying the top prices charged by more centrally based hotels.
85. We (me, wife and adult daughter) stayed three nights in this hotel in mid-April. We were allocated Room 108 which we suspect normally had two single beds but the management had put in a roll-away bed as well. All the beds were fine and comfortable. Linen was changed for the third night. There were some cobwebs and dust visible on the high picture rail, quite a few marks on the walls (from suitcases?) and grubby paintwork around the light switches. All this made the room look a little worn and shabby. The air conditioner didn't seem to cool the room, just blow air around on what was a temperature record breaking weekend (27C). The clean, bright bathroom was huge with a proper full-size bath tub with over-bath shower. The sink/vanity unit was okay, and the towels were clean, fluffy and changed every day. The free in-room safe was a good asset. The mini-bar was well stocked, but the contents didn't entirely match the printed list. There is no tea/coffee making facility in the room. From previous reviews we elected not to use the expensive hotel breakfast bar but to eat at a small cafe a few hundred meters south of the hotel on the main road - that was fine. The bagel cafe mentioned in reviews looked good. Note that the Persian restaurant (the Teheran) mentioned in previous reviews is now closed and looking very derelict. Staff were helpful in providing maps and calling taxis. Although not in the downtown central area it is generally within walking distance of most tourist sights, and easily accessible using the 16, 24 and 25 trams from/to Centraal Station. The car park is small, max imum 7 or 8 cars. In summary the hotel was perfectly adequate as a place to shower and sleep. We booked through Expedia and paid EUR118 per night (incl taxes). Yes, we'd stay there again.
86. Stayed 2 nights recently. Hotel in good quiet location easily accessible to most things either on foot or by tram. Rooms nicely refurbished, clean and comfortable although the bed was a bit hard and the room at night was very hot, couldn't really open the window because of noise of people passing by late at night in the courtyard behind our room. We got a good deal which included breakfast which was fine - plenty of choice, but don't expect anything cooked apart from hard boiled eggs. Recommend getting the two day tram pass at the Central Station in the Tourist Information Kiosk and don't panic the queue moves really quickly with their number system! Good idea to go on a guided bus tour first then you can choose which places you want to visit, we ended up missing a couple because we did it on the last day! !
87. We have just returned from this hotel where we stayed for 5 days. Our room was a bit too small for what we've expected, we kept bumping into furniture around the bed. It was clean, but some things were a bit shabby, like the shower not working well, and the door missing some paint. All in all it was an ok experience. The location is well, some 5 tram stations from the Dam Square, reachable by stroll. Noise in the hotel was a bit of a problem, as well as the window that was a bit old and couldn't close entirely. Staff were ok, but i must point out that the guy working in the bar was extremely rude and unpolite, not wanting to give me a cup of hot water for my medicine at 23:45 saying that he was done with the work (the bar works until midnight) and making all sorts of faces, and gesticulating in a not proper way. We didn't have breakfast so i can't comment on that. Including all, it was a bargain considering the prices in Amsterdam but i really think it could have been much better.
88. Stayed three nights at the Frommer in September 2011. Being out from the city center and 100+ yards off a busy street, it was amazingly quiet at night. But that 100+ yard walk brought you to a tram stop that could get you into the center in five minutes, and the hotel is closer to the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum (and the Cat Museum!) than those nearer the Dam. Breakfast is not cheap at e17.50 but has a great variety, and if you're an early riser, it opens at 6:30. Bed comfy, and what matter more in a hotel. If I return with my wife next year, we will definitely stay here.
89. Great place to stay, lovely smiley staff, clean rooms, great sleep, no noise at weekends. It is not in the centre of Amsterdam, so consider that if you want to be closer to Dam Square etc. However, it is a short walk from the museums - Gogh etc - and Vondel Park, and is very close to a tram stop on Vijzelstraat that takes you into the city centre proper. We didn't have the breakfast, it seemed pricey to us, but instead ate out every morning.There are several cafes etc nearby and we had breakfast at Vlaamsch Broodhuys, Vijzelstraat 109 - check their website, they sell a huge variety of artisan breads to die for, plus coffees, pastries, croissants, fruit platters etc. We also ate at Myrabelle, Vijzelgracht 1, a lovely pub that does really nice moderately priced food. A great place to stop off at in late afternoon/early evening for an aperitif if you are returning to the hotel. The other place we liked was De Blauwe Hollander, Leidsekruisstraat 28. It serves typical Dutch food at a reasonable price and was packed when we went on Saturday night. It's not fine dining and the food reminded me of British comfort food, which was perhaps why I liked it! It's in the middle of a really lively (in a good way) area.
90. Fairly quiet location in easily accessed position near Tram routes (less than 5 min walk). Small rooms typical of Amsterdam but spotlessly clean and well appointed. Hotel only does breakfast but this is fresh food, of excellent quality and variety and staff are very attentive and friendly. Do not expect a pool or Spa.
91. This property was my first stop after an all-night flight. They had a room ready for me at noon when I finally crashed. This property is just about finished with a thorough remodel. My room was great (two single beds is always a surprise to an American!). The bathroom was brand new and clean. The walls and carpet were freshly updated. I would have loved to have stayed here for my entire visit. It's located a block off of a main street, which makes it nice and quiet at night and it's far enough away from the seedy downtown area that you get a feel for the real Amsterdam. A very nice hotel.
92. I spent two nights at this hotel and I would recommend it for everybody, who wants conquer Amsterdam. The location near Prinsengracht is very good. It's a 15 minutes walk to Dam and Central Station. And there is also a tram station in 3 minutes walking distance. The hotel is cosy, the rooms are very stylish and well appointed. The bathroom is not to big, but enough. The breakfast is adequate to this category of hotel, but a bit expensive (€ 16,50). There are many nice cafes just around the corner where you can get better and cheaper breakfast. The whole hotel as well as the room and bathroom are very clean. The personnel is very friendly and helpful. All in all a very good hotel to a fair price.
93. Can't believe the two reviews I've just read. Just returned from Mercure Amsterdam (April 04) and it was fine. Staff very courteous, most comfortable large double bed I've ever had in a hotel, clean, etc. Also clean WC and 'wet style' shower. Nice white fluffy towels. Only thing wrong was no tea or coffee making facilities, but they had satellite TV. Hard to find hotel though, when you arrive at airport, train to Amsterdam Central and then Tram 24 or 25. Just ask, ask ask! the natives are friendly. Thoroughly recommended.
94. Nice hotel, although the decor is a little wild. Nice location, quiet overnight hours. Good restaurants within walking distance. The staff was EXCELLENT. Very professional and courteous. My only complaint is the rooms are tiny. Yet, you could hold a dance in the shower. Why not make the rooms larger? In order to change my mind I had to go out in the hallway...
95. The hotel is located just south of the centre of Amsterdam and is easily arrived at on Trams 16, 24 or 25 from Centraal station (the stop to get off at is Wetteringcircuit). It appears to be in a very safe area. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk to the Heineken Experience. The service we received for fantastic. Hans, on the main desk, was particularly helpful. The rooms are cosy but then you are in Amsterdam so you will only be sleeping there. Only two issues with this place - firstly you can only eat in the hotel at Breakfast time - there is no room service or restaurant. The second issue was that Tea and Coffee making facilities are not provided as standard so you are charged €5 per day for a kettle etc.
96. We found the Mercure because of it's association with Novotel - it exceeded our expectations and was a great value for a family with small children. Great location near the Heineken Experience, beautiful and spacious room, very helpful staff. It's very hard to find a single room for 2 adults and 2 children, but they can accomodate with advanced notice. We made reservations online and got an awesome rate, but didn't know if they'd have a room for 4 until we arrived. Fortunately, a room with 4 twins was open. There was plenty of space, even with all those beds! Breakfast was filling, although their regular dining room was under construction. The only down side was the street noise from below - but that just helped us get up earlier and get on our way.
97. I chose this hotel because of its location. The staff is polite and helpful, they made sure to make feel wellcome. A thoughtful detail of the hotel also is give a password to the wi-fi with the expiration only in chekout day, don't forcing the gess to every day ask another password. There is a computer and a printer in the louge (the use is free). My room (208) was spacious and clean, the special pillow (3 per person) and the bed were very confortable. The shower has a constant temperature but whitout much pression, just normal, And had no door, so it left the bathroom a little wet. The place is quiet and near every interesting points includ from the train station. from less them 2 blocks you can find a pub, a mini market, a restaurant and a coffshop. the hotel also has a park in open space.
98. They took a Merc ure chain property and droped in in a quiet, side street location, differentiated it with modern quirky furniture, and created a great hotel experience. If it weren't for the small Mercure Hotel sign, you wouldn't even know the hotel was there. Walking distance to Heineken Experience, Albert Cruyp Market, Museuamplein, and you can walk to Dam Square in about 20 min (or take the 24 tram). Staff pleasant, and I was promplty checked in to a double on the third floor. Room had modern conveniences, including large bath, fridge, flat screen with international channels, and a windw with shutters. Several wifi options are available, with the cheapest being the broadband connection at the desk for 9 euro per 24 hours. There's a small bar downstaris, and a breakfast room which is simple, but ample.
99. Why do the advertise with a/c when they switch it off at eleven in the evening? When I complained to the night-receptionist I could't understand a word he was saying. I think he comes from Pakistan or something. The general manager did't listen to my complaint she was more interested in her ugly little dog.
100. The hotel was within walking distance of the whole city; we didn't have to travel by tram except for our arrival and departure. The bed was extremely comfy, the staff very friendly and helpful, the breakfast plentiful (included in our deal), the room small but more than adequate. It was freezing in the city (the canals froze over for the first time in 15 years) but the room was warm and cosy - we didn't experience any of the radiator noises that some other guests mentioned. The bar was a really welcome spot after a day or night out. The wines were very reasonably priced, the staff extremely friendly and the atmosphere very relaxing. Our room backed onto the street where the school/kindergarten was, yet this was absolutely not a problem. The kids started making a noise around 9 am, by which point we were up and about, getting ready for breakfast. Even if we'd been lying in, the kids wouldn't have disturbed us - the noise was very much of a background nature. All in all, I'd thoroughly recommend this hotel to family and friends with no qualms.
