1. We just got back from NY and we stayed two nights at this location. It was perfect. Close to penn station (10 min. walk) and Time square (10 min. walk). It was clean. The room are very big, the only problem was that the sofa bed was not comfortable at all. It would be time to have their mattress to be change. Don't expect to get a nice room cause it's very old fashion decor. The only problem was we didn't have internet.
2. The front desk and the management was a nightmare! I booked a one bedroom suite with 2 beds. When I checked in they refused to honor the booking. They placed me in a room with one bed. I needed two beds so they agreed to put another bed in the room for an extra 20 dollars per night. I had no choice so I complied. I spoke to the manager and she said that they DO NOT honor any on-line bookings. Although I voiced my displeasure I received no satisfaction whatsoever. In all my travels I have never been more upset. The hotel was not a bad place to stay but the fact is they misrepresented themselves. To make matters worse a friend of mine checked in after me and had ordered a single bed but they placed him in a room with 2 beds. Unfortunately I was unaware of his situation until it was not worth the move. Be careful when dealing with these people. I believe they actually scammed me for the extra 100 dollars.
3. We had a corner room and lots of windows which was great. It had a full kitchen, a bedroom with 2 queen beds plus a separate living room with sofa bed and dining table. Very spacious for 3 adults. The front desk employees were very efficient and helpful. This was definitely my most relaxing NYC trip because it was like having a home to go to after tramping all over the city.
4. The Murray Hill East Suites is apartment living at it's best in NYC. Essentially, it was larger than a typical studio apartment in NYC. The hotel or apartotel is located 3 blocks from Grand Central Station on a quiet street. However, there are places to eat on the main street Lexington, convenience store close by, and the W Hotel Bar is on the same street. There was nothing spectacular about the lobby since it is what you would expect for a high rise apartments. We didn't get any rude staff and was satisfied with their service. Beware regarding the elevator since it is small, but the room makes up for it in space. While the Milford Plaza takes you back to the 70's, the Murray Hill East Suites takes ou back to the 80's. At first glance it feels like a high rise retirement home with it's floral decor and convalescent furniture. However, there is much space in the room and was suprisingly clean. The room we stayed at had 2 full size bed and a sleeper sofa. The kitchen was added bonus, which included a full size fridge, cookware, and dishes. The whole motif is very 1980's, but made you feel like a part of a sitcom. If the owner of this building ever decide to go moderne/minimal or just change the floral textiles, the hotel would have an amazing potential. Other than the retro ambiance of this hotel, there was minimal negatives since it was clean and comfortable. I would reccomend this place for a large group and also reccomend a needed upgrade to atleast 90's IKEA level in hopes for the Murray Hill East Suites to embrace the Millenuem.
5. As most others have dreamt about traveling abroad as an foreign country or an island, my dream was to visit New York. I finally arrived to New York, not know what to expect. We decided to stay at this hotel, mainly because it has a kitchenette with a great price, especially since we were not planning on staying indoors that often. Upon arrival, the hotel was better than we thought, from the very kind doorman to the spacious (not common in NY) hotel room. We were upgraded to the Queensize bedroom., which had three closet spaces including iron/board. cozy bathroom w/ courtesy toiletries and kitchenette w/ mini refrigerator and oven with all essential cookware (no microwave though). They even had a small area for dining and living room. The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect ! 5-10 minute taxi or walking distance to everywhere...Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, Chrysler Bldg, and Rockafeller Center. The lady in the front office even mailed out my postcards for me. There is no internet in the room, but if you have an laptop with WIFI you can go downstair in the hotel lobby / waiting area, you will receive free internet there. Or in the same block, there is a Fedex/Kinko's, where you can pay for internet. This is the perfect hotel for the New York experience, minus the hussle and bussle of the city. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel for any future stays.
6. This apartment hotel meets minimum standards for cleanliness and habitability, but it is not a four star hotel. The interior is old, the rooms/apartments even older. The staff is pleasant but not well-trained and often don't know what to do about basic problems ...like replacing missing utensils in apartment kitchens. It is not a bad place for extended stays if you can negotiate a good rate. Rack rates (even with usual NYC 30% discount) are ripe-offs. Ask for at least 50% discount more for long stays. We negotiated about 65% discount on rack rates for 10 day stay.
7. We spent this past weekend at Murray Hill Suites and were thoroughly disappointed. Our room was uncomfortably warm and the air conditioning was not yet working so we opened the windows (they only open 6 inches) for cooling only to hear the very loud street noise. We did not sleep well. The shower had adequate water pressure, but did not have an anti-scalding shower taps so you had to be ready for a significant shower change. I can't imagine a hotel not having anti-scalding shower taps! We wanted to separate the first night charge since we were expensing it out and were told we could when we checked in. But, the person (not the same as the first) said we could not since it was already 'posted'. Well, he could have unposted it, but chose not too and really could not have cared less. We are saddened by this experience since we really like the neighborhood (great restaurants, stores and close to everything). We will stay here again.
8. My partner and I spent a night at the Murray Hill East Suites and were thrilled with the size of the suite, especially considering the reasonable rate. Cleanliness is, of course, important and the hotel definitely passed the test. The staff and doorman were helpful, courteous, and friendly. We'll be staying there again in mid-February.
9. My son (25) is working in Philadelphia so my wife and I flew from the UK to join him for a long weekend in New York. We scoured the net for suitable suites and luckily picked this hotel. We read horror stories of cramped hotel rooms overrun with mice and roaches but we found this hotel to be very clean with a large bedroom and a roomy separate living room with a sofa bed, tables, chairs etc. The kitchen was small but had anything you needed and the bathroom was very clean with towels replaced every day. We stayed in room 303 which was at the front of the building and was very quiet apart from a loose manhole cover on the road outside that made a noise on the seldom occasions a car passed. But after walking NY all day we had no problems sleeping. The hotel is close to the Empire State building and the top could be seen from our window and Times Square was a pleasant stroll away.
10. Our family of 4 found the suites to be very comfortable, spacious and clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Location was great - parking garage around the corner, short walk to Grand Central, Bryant Park, subway. We had a view of the Empire State Building from our room. It was like having an apartment in the city.Decor is dated, but rooms are clean and spacious.
11. I've stayed at Murray Hill twice in the past year. As an ex-New Yorker, I love being NOT in Times Square, but in a more residential/normal retail part of town. Grand Central is just a few blocks away, and there are restaurants & delis all over the place. Both my rooms have been clean and comfortable. Decor isn't the most modern (think your aunt from the upper east side) but I love the extra space and the dining room table. It's been a perfect place for business trips - easy to get to and from almost anywhere in the city.
12. We booked these apartments knowing the location would suit our needs, they were in a fantastic place. The rooms are quiite basic but meet everyone's needs, remember you only sleep and shower in a NYC room! We had 5 adults in our 1 bedroom suite and there was loads of room. Our friends stayed as well and they had a view of the Empire State, we were on the opposite side and it was a very quiet room on the 11th floor, again for NYC unusual. The staff were excellent, recommendations, booked our return taxt far cheaper than direct booking $40 less for the return trip to JFK. We were 20 minutes from Times Sq, 15 from Empire State, 5 from Grand central so excellent. Would recommend and excellent value for money
13. We chose this location after doing much research here on Tripadvisor forums. The price for #9 Murray Hill East was half the cost of a tiny NYC hotel room. It was a 3 room apartment with room enough to sleep our family comfortably. We love having the space and the location was great for all of the normal NYC activities. We liked the 24 hour diner, Scotty's, a few steps away. It was mostly quiet and even sleeping with our windows open, the street noise wasn't too distracting. The decor, as other's have mentioned is outdated but the place is clean and is well-maintained daily. The king bed in the bedroom was extremely comfy as were the pillows. I've since ordered my own Fossfill pillows for home(yes, I looked at the tags; no, I didn't steal any pillows!) We would definately stay here again. Beats, being cramped in a small hotel room with kids anyday!
14. This venue is brilliantly situated, a walk from many of the major New York attractions and a couple of blocks from the Grand Central subway station. We occupied a suite, with my wife and I in the main bedroom and my daughter on a fold out bed in the lounge. This arrangement proved very satisfactory and comfortable for all three of us. The apartment was well furnished, with very comfortable beds, a useful kitchen and very adequate bathroom, with instant hot water in the morning. The apartment was serviced every day and left immaculate. Another excellent feature was free internet available in the lobby (you could pay for internet in your room, but I can't see why you would do this). Laundry facilities were available, but, with four very cheap laundries with in a block or so, it is hardly worth availing oneself of this facility. The Murray Hill also has a very adequate gym and workout facility. The cost was extremely reasonable for a facility of this standard. I would heartily recommend Murray Hill East Suites to any visitor to New York.
15. My wife and I just returned from a weekend in NYC. We stayed at the Murray Hill Ease Suites on 39th between Lexington and 3rd Ave. We truly enjoyed our stay. The room was a large L-shaped efficiency with a wall of windows, and contained a living room setup (couch, chair coffee table, TV) a small kitchen w/ fridge, sink and appliances and a queen-sized bed. There were tons of closets, and a small to average-sized bathroom. The room's decor was a bit outdated, but very clean and neat. The hotel seems more like a small apartment building than a hotel. We paid $170/night on Priceline and it felt like a bargain. The staff was courteous and even gave us an extended checkout time at the last minute. The Murray Hill area is relatively quiet by NYC standards and there were plenty of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops close by. The hotel itself has no restaurant or bar, and that is a negative for some, but it didn't faze us in the least. It seems like it would be an affordable option for a family, but if your looking for a bunch of ammenities or a romantic hotel, you'd probably do better elsewhere. I would definately recommend the Murray Hill East and wouldn't hesitate to stay there in the future.
16. We booked this hotel because of the favorable reviews on the Tripadvisor website and we were not disappointed. Our only awkward moment came when we checked in and were told that our confirmed $149/day rate was only for AAA members, which we weren't. But the hotel did accept our confirmation rate, which was good because the New York City hotel tax is an impressive 19% by now. We had a good-sized, comfortably furnished room on the ground floor with a queen bed, bathroom with bathtub, large closet with plenty of hangers, an iron and an ironing board, and a fully equipped kitchenette with complementary coffee, tea, creamer, and sugar. There is a large supermarket nearby where we could buy groceries and deli. There were also several coffee shops and restaurants. We could walk to Grand Central to the subway. The room was quiet and very clean. The staff was helpful. We would certainly stay there again.
17. The location of this hotel, plus a kitchen, sold me. My suite was spacious, with a full kitchen including stove, microwave, refrigerator, dishwasher, dishes, utensils, pots and pans and coffee maker. There was a table and two chairs for eating, plus a sofa tucked in a corner. The bathroom was well appointed and everything was in working order. To my knowledge, there was no individual control over the room's temperature but it didn't present much of a problem as it was mostly a comfortable temperature. The king sized bed and pillows were moderately comfortable. The internet service, which I ordered from my room, was dodgy and I didn't have time for a technician to come up to sort it out, so I never did get it. The hotel is definitely older and could use a sprucing up, but it was clean. I walked everywhere I went, the location was so convenient, so I saved money on transportation as well as eating breakfast and lunch in the suite. I felt it was a bit pricey, however--for this money I could have stayed at the 4-star Carlton, or my usual favorite, the Affinia Shelburne, also in the area and more luxurious. This might be a good choice for travel with children given the extra space and the ability to prepare meals.
18. I just stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites on East 39th and Lexington in NYC. I was amazed, this suite cost me $ 170.00 for one night and the place was amazing. The room was huge for a NYC hotel, the beds were clean and comfortable, there was a nice firm loveseat in the room, and a small, but totally functional kitchenette. The kitchenette was clean and totally stocked - plates, cups, wine glasses, silverware, pots and pans, dish drainer, and dish cloth. The bathrooms were small, but totally workable and clean - huge shower. Everything was clean and tidy. The staff were great - and with such a small number of staff members - the staff really got to know the people staying. There was a small, but nice gym in the basement. This hotel is in a mostly residential neighborhood, so the noise level was minimal. There are a number of great and cheap restaurants on either 3rd or Lexington along with a reasonably priced grocery mart on the corner. Since this hotel is a suite - there was a lot of families staying and the noise level in the early evening was sometimes above average - but the place was silent by 7 pm most of the time. The furniture in the suite has been well used, however it made the place feel more like being at home than at a hotel. This hotel is not for anyone who wants the $ 500 a night NYC hotel experience, however if you want a clean, comfortable, and good priced place to relax - this is the place to go!
19. We got a good deal through Priceline and didn't know what to expect. The staff were friendly and helpful. They would hail a cab for us when we needed it, which was helpful during rush hour and peak times. The room was clean and quiet. The suite was nice so when my fiancee wanted to go to bed early and I wanted to still watch a late game, we both could do what we wanted. The location was great....short cab rides to many attractions and walking distance to Grand Central and the subway. Highly recommended for travellers on a budget.
20. I've stayed here a few times over the years. Don't expect a full-service hotel. That's not what this is. These are excellent short-term serviced apartments though. If you need a base in NYC for a few days, or even a couple of weeks, they're clean, safe and well maintained. I've always had a very large room and a small kitchen, which means I've been able to fix my own breakfast before heading out in the morning. There are ample delis, a Kinkos and Grand Central just around the corner. I've found the staff to be helpful, but not overly outgoing. There's no bar or restaurant - if you're looking for somewhere practical it's a great place to stay.
21. My sisters and I stayed in the Murray Hill Suites during our stay in Manhattan. It is one of the nicest apartments I have stayed in. The kitchen is really well equipped, it even as a dishwasher. The apartments are a really good size and the bed was huge. there is maid service daily, which meant a clean apartments and lots of fresh towels. The apartment also has quite a good fitness centre for those who are not worn out by walking around Manhattan.
22. Room was clean and pretty big for NYC standards, TV, hair dryer, additional blankets and all first necessities were available. Only negative note: we saw several reception staff, friendly and not, but generally not prepared to give information of any sort. Overall if your purpose is tourism and your main need is a reasonable but confy room, then you're in the right place.
23. Finding a good hotel at a decent rate in New York is often a challenge. The Murray Hill East Suites is exactly what we were looking for. Walking distance to the UN, comfortable spacious suite room with a small kitchen and a cosy living room and very friendly staff. Internet is free in the lobby but there is a charge to use it in the room. We had a few internet disruptions during our stay but not too long. We highly recommend this hotel.
24. My wife and I enjoyed a one night stay at this location during the Christmas season. It is conveniently located, as it is just off the beaten path of all the major mid-town attractions that you want to expose yourself to during the Holiday. This location is great as far as I'm concerned because it gives you the luxury of being away from all the chaos and crowds when your done exploring the attractions. Hotel staff was wonderful, check in convenient, and accomodations very clean with lots of space in the suite.
25. Just returned from a wonderful visit to New York City. Stayed in the Murray Hill East Suites. We (two women, 4 girls ages 16, 12, 6 and 5) stayed in a one bedroom suite. We had plenty of room compared to other New York City hotels. The bedroom had two double beds and the sofa made into a queen sized bed. Like the other reviews found some of the furniture to be worn. Our room could have used new mattresses and bed spreads. The rest of the place was just fine. We didn't spend much time in room anyway. The location was great. It was quiet and in a great neighborhood. Grocer on corner. I'm sure he is going to miss us stopping in every day to purchase powdered donuts and chocolate milk. The kitchen was nice to have. Heated up left overs. Thought that the employees were extremely friendly and eager to help us with any questions or request that we had. We had a ball going to Grand Central Station to catch the subway. We got pretty good at it too. It was just a couple of blocks up the street. Scotty's diner around the corner has great food. We just had a great time. Can't wait to stay there again when we come back to NYC. Oh, we had a room on front of building and could see the Empire State Building.
26. Stayed here 1 night right before Christmas. Although its a large room, that's about the only great thing. There's a kitchen, fridge, etc which I'm sure is handy, but we didn't really use. Large seating area, with old dingy furniture. Bed was awful, with a dip in middle. Bedding was just a sheet and blanket. Bathroom was tiny. Heat had no thermostat. It was either hot or cold. Overall there is potential but needs a major upgrade. Location is decent. Not in tourist area which is nice.
27. We stayed at this hotel monday june 4 2007 - wednesday june 6 2007. After taking forever to decide on a hotel and anyone who is deciding on going to New York City, you probably understand how hard it is to find an affordable hotel. THIS is the hotel to choose! its is located right by Grand Central and about a 10min walk to Times Square which is not a bad walk whether your doing it in the day or late at night. Location is close to Macy's and a big shopping district. The Hotel was a great surprise! To our great surprise we had be upgraded and the room was HUGE! a large living room a good sized kitchen and large bedroom with 2 double beds. Travelling with 4 people it was a great size! We had our luggage lost upon arrival so the hotel was very helpfull to make our stay more comfortable. There is lots of places to eat in the area! if you walk towards lexington. Scotties is a GREAT dinner for breakfast or late night dinner and they deliver to the hotel!! If your going to New York City and looking to do some site seeing then consider doing the "Grey Line double decker bus tour" it is a hop-on-hop-off pass and it is a great deal! There is a stop at the UN building which is pretty close to the hotel! The Beds were comfortable and the airconditioning worked great! The only thing wrong was the tub collected water when having a shower but thats not even a big problem. There is a stove and a dishwasher in the kitchen and the housekeeping is VERY prompt in the early morning! We would deffinately stay here again, everyone was very nice and the location was worth it for what we got in our room just for being a little outside of Times Square.
28. This hotel is located in a great neighborhood - very close to Grand Central Station and felt very safe. I stayed by myself the first 3 nights and felt very comfortable leaving and coming back after midnight. There are some amazing restaurants & bars close by and the room had a full kitchen so our leftovers didn't go to waste. We asked for a smoking room & ended up with a room on the 12th floor with a huge terrace and views of the water and the Empire State Building. I couldn't have been happier with this hotel. The staff was very nice & helpful and the room was very clean & HUGE - quite unexpected in the middle of Manhattan. I will definitely stay here again.
29. The Murray Hill East Suites, located on 39th and 3rd in Manhattan has got to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The décor is almost indescribably horrible. All of the furniture, bedding and appliances (inc. the TV) are from the 70’s. The carpet is sea green, the Curtains are Black with a floral print. And on top off their lumpy beds and old pillows are Pink Sheets, is a Black floral print duvet covers that come complete with a weathered “Butt Print” at the edge of the bed to showcase where people have been sitting down over the last 40 years! Ewww! One positive—room is a pretty decent size for Manhattan, and It does have an on suite kitchenette. The bathroom is Tiny but Clean. (watch out for the hair dryer that looks like a vacuum!) Do yourself a favor, and spend a few extra bucks for a place that is 1. In a decent location 2. doesn’t qualify as “antique” and 3. Carries simple amenities such as a Razor. (yes, that’s right. If you forget your toothbrush at the Murray Hill East, your SOL buddy!)
30. We have stayed here 6/7 times in the past and we have never been disappointed. The rooms are an amazing size for NY and very reasonably priced for the location. Easy walking distance to Grand Central Station, 42nd Street and even Times Square. The Empire State Building is also within reasonalble walking distance. Check in is always quick and efficient. Staff are pleasant and polite.The rooms have been updated since our last visit and have new carpets and decor. Beds are large and comfortable and kitchen facilities are helpful. A home away from home! - There is good local eating and we love the 'local' feel of the area as opposed to other more tourist focused parts of the city. This hotel is well looked after and spotlessly clean. It has good wifi connection and flat screen TVs. This is our preferred accommodation when we are in the city. We have stayed elsewhere, but nowhere else is as good and we will always stay here is there are rooms available. We have also recommended the Murray Hill East Suites to a number of friends who agree with us that this is the place to stay in NY city. Tip - As it was very hot in the city during our visit, we did not fancy using the subway, so we took the M103 bus which runs downtown on Lexington through to City Hall.
31. This was my second stay at Murray Hill Suites, both times I booked through the website "apartments2book.com". I highly recommend this hotel. Had a one bedroom (king) with small kitchen, dining area and living room with a great view of the Empire State building. While the decor is dated, the rooms are very clean and spacious. The staff is always so nice and helpful. Close to Grand Central station for the subway. Good restaurants and a neighborhood grocery just down the street. My last visit in fall 2006 we had a larger one bedroom (two queen beds).
32. We just came back from a fantastic week in NY--what a great place for 2 moms & 2 daughters celebrating Spring Break in NY to stay ! I read lots of reviews on this site before booking our hotel & I'm glad I did. For us, this was a perfect choice--because of the reasonable rates, we had plenty of money left for shopping. We loved the spaciousness of our 1 bedroom suite--lots of room for all of our clothes & shoes, etc. The location was great--very quiet & in a nice neighborhood where we felt quite safe. We walked to the corner for the best bagels & cream cheese every morning on our way to Grand Central Station. We picked up snacks & bottled water at the corner store on our way back every nite. Several other restaurants & a delicious deli were in walking distance. We didn't really use the kitchen--just the refrigerator! The staff helped point us in the right direction when we needed to know the best way to head off on our next adventure. We appreciated the cleanliness and excellent maid service every day. Who cares if the bedspread wasn't one we'd have picked out! We'll stay here next time for sure!
33. We were a party of five: me, my wife, two kids and my mother-in-law. We were looking for two double bedrooms and had an excellent full two-bedroom apartment on 12th floor. By "full" I mean FULL: two large bedrooms with two queen beds each, two renovated bathrooms, one LARGE living room with dining room, a full kitchen and, the cherry on the top, a real solarium. The apartment was clean, the furniture is old style 60's in excellent shape. The location is also very good with many restaurants and transportation around. It does not have the services or the "luxe" of a 4/5 star hotel but I definitely recommend it.
34. Reading some of the earlier negative reviews, I wonder If the reviewers stayed at the same hotel we did. The room was huge, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite when we checked in, very nice and clean. The location can't be beat. On a quiet side street(for New York), close to Grand Central. We booked early and got a great rate for what we received. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and would recommend the Murray Hill East Suites to anyone.
35. We stayed here for 5 nights with our teenage children. It is in an excellent location and is a very comfortable apartment with all the facilities needed for our stay including kitchen, laundry, gym . It is walking distance to many of the top tourist spots, Times Square, Rockefeller centre, Grand Central Station, Broadway, UN Headquarters, so easy to come back, have a rest then start over again!
36. Large for New York hotel room with small equipped kitchen. Good for making breakfast and tea and coffee. Several places nearby to buy provisions. Badly let down by television that was out of the ark. Being there for work I spent the evenings relaxing and I like US TV. Sadly for most of my stay there were wavy lines across the screen on most of trhe channels. The receptionist ( I didnt get his name) kept telling me it was a problem the cable company had to fix. But by the third day all I was getting was a shrug of the shoulders when I asked when it was going to be fixed. It was still a problem when a left as further 2 days later. Otherwise however the other staff encountered were excellent especially the yoiung lady who arranged for me to move rooms on arrival as the 2nd floor room facing the street I was allocated on arrival was fairly noisy with traffic roaring by at night. The location of the hotel is really good though and the price too. If you are heading to New York to see the sights and hit the shops. Its hard to beat. I would go back provided the TV works!
37. I tried this hotel over the President's Day Weekend with my family. Staff was polite but seemed disinterested in what they were doing. Hotel's location was great but the room was not what I expected for a "suite." Sofa bed was in terrible shape to the point that my son did not want to sleep on it and chose to close the bed and sleep on the sofa. This is an older building and like many other reviews, the decor is outdated but that had no influence on my opinion of the room. I actually found the building rather charming. This is a good traveler's hotel, if you are looking for somewhere just to sleep between trips out into the city. There is a little kitchen with a stove and fridge that we did not use so I cannot comment on how well they worked. I didn't dislike the hotel, I have stayed in better in for around the same price.
38. Stayed here mid-September and was very pleased with the place. Three friends on a holiday to NYC & didn't want to share a bed and also wanted to save some cash - this place was perfect. Good price - we paid less than $350 a night for a large 1 bedroom apt on the 14th floor. Room had 2 queen beds, kitchen, lounge area with 2 sofas (one was a fold-out queen bed) and although the decor/furnishings weren't the most modern, it certainly did us. Didn't spend vast amount of time in the room - it is NYC afterall, however, when we did, it was a comfortable experience and certainly less expensive than the alternative, 2 hotel room option!!! Location great, couple of blocks from Grand Central and the conveinence store on the corner of 39th & Lex had most of what we needed + made great sandwiches
39. Our family of 4 just returned from a 5-night stay at Murray Hill East Suites. It was exactly as I had expected and worked extremely well for us. As previous posters have mentioned, the furniture is a little worn and dated, but everything was very comfortable and the suite was surprisingly spacious for Manhattan. We had 1 bedroom with 2 double beds, a sofa bed in the living room, full kitchen and dining area. Times Square was only 10-15 minutes walk, and Grand Central Station was very nearby. There was a supermarket just around the corner, where we were able to purchase juice, cereal, milk and snacks, essential with a hungry teenager in the group! The staff was very courteous and requests for extra towels and kitchen utensils were met promptly. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. And the price was unbeatable too!
40. The staff were most accomodating. I arrived early and was able to check in before the published time of 3 pm. The decor is a little dated, however the room was clean. There was not a 24 hour doorman as I had expected. Overall, I think that it represents a good value, if you don't require a lot of services and aren't offended by the older decor, I would highly recommend it.
41. The hotel was all right for New York standards... However, my sister had rashes after sitting on the couch (may be dustmites). Our family stayed there for 7 nights this past winter. Upon arrival, we were told that we had to pay 85$ a night as we had four people in the party instead of 2, that was an extra $600!!! We could have stayed at a much nicer hotel for the price, but since it was non-refundable, we continued to stay there. The manager was just simply rude. However, the doorman, the accountant and other staff were all right. So just a reminder: if you have more than 2 people in your party, note it down in the reservation to avoid extra charges! Or try to find a hotel that wouldn't charge you so much more!
42. My wife and I spent a week here about two years ago. The location of the hotel is really great, and you can easily walk to many Manhattan attractoions from here. It's also close to Grand Central. The hotel itself was a bit worn, but hey, who travels to NY to stay in the hotel room? Not me! The room was big and had a small kitchen, so I have to say I'm very pleased with my stay here.
43. This hote is fabulous. I stayed here 7 nights in late September 09. The kitchen was great, and featured a small fridge, oven and cook top, as well as utensils. The room was massive, and had a lounge area, separate bedroom and bathroom. The hotel was clean and the service staff were very efficient. There is a laundry room, although I didn't use it. The gym was small but there was only ever 1 other person using it whilst I was there so there were no problems. It had 2 treadmills, a weights machine, bike, stepper and hand weights. Wireless internet is available in the lobby, although quite a few times I had trouble connecting to it. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again and reccommend it to any travellers wanting to visit Manhattan. Only 10 minutes walk to Times Square and 5 minutes to Grand Central Station. Loved it!
44. I loved the location. We rented the one bedroom suite. It was VERY spacious, of course the outdated decor could be redone (but it was clean and well kept) and for $200.00 a night during the holiday season you can not find a hotel in a better location! Within walking distance to Time Square and Rockefeller Center...The staff was top notch! They allowed us a late check out! The manager was very helpful as well! I would stay here again! Nice lobby! I think you will be well pleased with the hotel for a business or family trip!
45. I've stayed here many times and alwasy had a good experience. Admittedly the rooms are a bit dated but they are very big and usually at a very reasonable price. The smallest room which i beleive is the junior suite is still a large room with sitting room area, kitchen and 3 wardrobes. I'm not sure why there are so many wardrobes but there you go! The staff are fairly competent but there is never much need to interact with them. Internet is either $7 a day or $50 a month which is expensive in my opinion as i only ever stay there for a week so have to pay $50. However the fact i keep copming back means that i would recommend this place.
46. It's a former apartment hotel, and my wife and I had a bedroom, living room, and kitchen. TV is old as are building and furnishings, but it is clean and neat. Staff is very helpful, and location is convenient to entire Midtown East, UN, and Grand Central. Plenty of enjoyable restaurants nearby, especially Cibo around the corner. No luxury, but a great value and wonderful space.
47. Selected this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. I and my 20-year-old son stayed here for a weekend. First, it is quiet, a rare attribute in New York. No traffic, no loud bars near-by, no dumpsters emptied at 4 a.m. Area is relatively quiet but only three blocks from Grand Central Station so subways to anywhere are only 10 minutes away. The hotel is a half-block from 3rd Avenue where cabs are plentiful. The theater district is a 10-minute walk to Grand Central and 10 minutes on the subway shuttle. The rooms are fairly large for New York with a small refrierator, sink and stove which we never used. Maid service was excellent and the front desk was helpful. One small piece of advice; do not ask them to call a cab for you for an airport trip the night before you need to leave. Hotels cannot call cabs so they called a car service for us. The fee was $50 to LaGuardia instead of the $24 cab ride. Not really a big deal. This is not a resort hotel so if you have five little kids looking for a pool and a game room, this is not for you. Quiet and convenient and reasonably priced.
48. I stayed here about a year ago and the room on the second floor was garbage. Torn and stained linens, dirty bathroom and carpets. This time I was on the sixth floor and things were much nicer. I'm not sure if the fixed things up or I was just lucky. You can tell this is a former apartment building. Bathroom was clean and functional. Shower was so-so. Kitchen with all necessary utensils (pot, pans, glasses, silverware) is a nice plus. There was only one small tv in the living room sitting on a cart. A bedroom tv would be nice. Orbitz had the room for $119. Rack rate was $159. Check before you book. There is a small fitness center and laundry in the basement. As the title says, thoroughly adequate.
49. A great location- very handy to everything in New York-only about a 10 minute walk to Time Square. Also A quick walk to Grand Central Station which made things even easier. Our room was in original condition but very clean and tidy, and also extremely spacious. It was more like a loft or studio than a hotel serviced hotel room.
50. I liked being here, because the rooms are definitely larger than the typical New York hotel, and does have a 'long stay' feel to it-- what with the little kitchen, etc. Nice large windows-- they don't look out at anything great, but it's nice to have big windows. Yes, true, it is dated. Not in such a terrible way-- its just not chic and cool by any means at all. We had asked for long-term rates and were told unreasonably high prices, so I'm surprised by the other reviewer who stated that they were able to negotiate lower rates for longer stays. I would like to know why the disparity in responses from the staff on this. I would certainly be interested in staying here for a longer stay, but what's the deal with reduced cost request getting a Yes or a No? If management reads this, please respond. Thanks.
51. I spent 5 nights at Murray Hill Suites in December and was extremely impressed with the whole set up. I initially thought of an apartment/suite as it was a cheaper option to a hotel room in Manhattan in December but on reflection this was a better option all round; the room was huge (bigger than my apartment when I used to live in NY), couch and chair, dining table and chairs, loads of closet space and a small but serviceable kitchenette which was well stocked with utensils. The bathroom was small but tidy and well maintained. From the moment I arrived (very late on a Fri night) to when I checked out the following Wednesday I found all the staff (concierge, reception and housekeeping) to be extremely friendly and helpful. The room was quiet. I've read that people find the front facing rooms noisy - I was facing the front, 39th St - but for the middle of New York City I have to say the noise was minimal. I also liked the huge windows providing lots of natural light. There are delis and a liquor store just a block away and its perfect for walking to Grand Central. I can't recommend this place highly enough and I will be making this my first choice for future trips to NY.
52. Thumbs Up for Murray Hill East Suites! Our family of four stayed five nights, April 5-10. Our check-in was done by a pleasant fellow, and the doormen were always helpful and nice. Our 8th floor room had two double beds and a pull-out sofa. The rooms were clean and having a kitchen was great, not that we cooked but it was nice to have breakfast and or snacks in our suite. The location was perfect! Just a 6-7 minute walk to Grand Central Station where you can catch the subway. A grocery store, bagel shop & deli were less than a block away. Bus transportation to the airport had a stop five minutes away. If your in to walking you can reach many sights by foot in less than 20 minutes. We requested a non-smoking room and they fulfilled our request. We were on the street side so we did notice a little street noise, I would ask for the back side of the building next time. Although the room decor was a little dated it was comfortable and clean, and we will take clean anyday over decor. The bathroom was small and the shower water pressure average (I would suggest they reduce the size of the trash can in the bathroom so it fits between the toilet & sink) A TV in the bedroom would be the only thing we would add to our wish list. Our charges were correct, no problem with our bill. We viewed this as a family friendly hotel, a family of 6 could stay very comfortably in the suite. We are hooked on the location and the cleanliness and would revisit this hotel.
53. We booked the Murray Hill East Suites through apartments2book.com and were completely thrilled with our experience. We were staying in NYC the same weekend as the NYC marathon, so hotel rooms were at a premium. This hotel offered a comfortable, extremely spacious room with lots of storage, and kitchenette for much less than others. I couldn't get over the size of the studio room. It was twice the size and half the cost of what we would have paid closer to Times Square. Being so close to Grand Central Station was a bonus, as it was an easy 5-minute walk away. We walked to the Empire State Building (about 10-15 minutes) as well as to the theater district for shows (about 20-30 minutes, depending on location in district). If we didn't feel like walking, it was about a $10 cab ride or $2 per person subway ride to anywhere. The neighborhood was very residential, and we had breakfast one morning at Bloom's Deli (corner of E 40th & Lexington), which had enormous, flavorful portions in a mom & pop setting. Be sure to grab a slice of cheesecake at Junior's (originally in Brooklyn, they now have a storefront in Grand Central Station as well as a diner on Shubert Alley in the Theater District) too. The only drawback was that you could hear traffic at all hours, but it kind of added to the experience of being in New York City. Our room overlooked the street, so I wonder if being in a room that overlooked the alley would have been quieter. The room decor is a bit 1990's, but it's spotless and in good condition. The overall room to relax in was so great, so who cares about the vintage?
54. The hotel was good. It was clean and quiet, except that the noise of door-closing did disturb us a little bit. The housekeeping was very prompt and efficient. The room was spacious and comfortable. We used the laundry service too. We tried the breakfast in a nearby cafe (Frontier) which was good as well.
55. I have stayed in many hotels in midtown Manhattan but this will be my homebase from now on. The suite is very roomy and comfortable--as a business traveler, I enjoyed being able to spread my work on the desk and make the living room my office. The kitchenette was convenient and the nice grocery store around the corner on 3rd made it even easier to eat on the cheap. The only drawback to the kitchen was the lack of a microwave. This is the best price per square foot you'll find! My first floor room actually betrayed its apartment origins with a large unfurnished patio. The doorman was prompt and courteous, the staff friendly and knowledgeable. Grand Central Station is the nearest subway station--if you're unfamiliar with the area, look for the subtle entrance directly on Lexington Avenue just after you cross 42nd on the right. This will save you a half block. I was able to easily walk to both the Flatiron and the theatre district (20-30 minutes). The immediate dining options are mediocre (Saga on Lexington was good but the help was disguntled).
56. I got a room from hotwire and got a great deal. It's very convenient with a very large room. The only complaint I have is that the room has no internet connection which is inconvenient, and it is still a three star hotel! I think it would not be a good place to stay if you are there on business. In fact my husband had to go to the lobby to get wireless connection since he had to work.
57. It would be extremely helpful if this hotel had a website. We stayed at this hotel on a business trip, because there weren't a lot of other hotels available in the company's price range. The hotel's location is great. This is my third trip to NY in the past year, and compared to the other hotel we stayed at, this hotel was very quiet with very little street noise. The area is good, it's a residential area, with an outstanding little Italian restaurant just across the street. The front desk staff was fairly nice. They were going through shift change as we got there, and we were never acknowledged by the female clerk, but the male clerk was very nice. When we got into our room, we noted it was very clean. The room desperately needed a decorating update.....looks like it was last done in the 1980s, and the TV is probably about 20 years old. Both beds were very comfortable, but the sheets were a bit tattered, and the bottom side of the comforter looked like it hadn't been washed for six months. On the second morning, we never received our wake-up call......the front desk claimed that the phone was off the hook/busy, but it was not. Bottom line is, if you're looking for anything with frills, this is not the hotel for you. If you're looking simply for a place to sleep at night in a nice quiet neighborhood, this will work for you.
58. I just got back from a trip to New York where I stayed at the Murray Hill East Suites. The hotel is right in the middle of everything...Grand Central Station, the Empire State Building, Times Square are all within walking distance for those of you who like to walk. The room was clean The staff was friendly And it was one of the less expensive hotels in Manhattan...where everything is expensive anyway. I stayed there because I didn't want to have to take a taxi everywhere I went so I thought something centrally located would be good. But I got to know the subway system quickly and if I had to do it all over again, I'd probably stay somewhere cheaper in Brooklyn and just take the Subway into the center of town. Subways runs round the clock and can get you almost anywhere you need to go. Plus New York is a pretty safe city
59. We booked our 3 nights stay based on the discounted price for Manhattan. Is near to grand central. Room was Ok as per new york's standards but had a full kitchenette. Staff didnt have our room ready for 4 hours even after us calling from the airport and they confirming it was ready. Door man was a real rude fellow probably frustrated by having to work on the 1st of Jan. The housemaid's trolley was parked next to elevator on the narrow passage leading to our room for the entire duration of our 3 night stay. Receptionist wasnt a real help in booking our cab for our return to JFK.
60. Stayed 3 nights because we needing to be close to the UN. We booked the studio room but on check-in found they had given our room away and tried to put us in a disgusting SMOKING room. We made it clear what kind of room we booked and made it perfectly clear what time we were checking-in (late) - and we arrived EXACTLY on time. We immediately requested they find us another room, and although they insisted they had no other available room, mysteriously moved us to another room that didn't smell (what happened to being fully booked and NO other rooms available??) The next day we were moved to a 3rd room that had 1 king bed instead of two smaller beds. We consider giving our reserved room to someone else and this deception about being fully booked to be totally unacceptable. This is not professional. I don't know what were the type of rooms we were moved to, but the first two were much larger than the final room where we stayed - the final room had the larger bed. With hindsight I wish we had kept the 2nd room as it had separate living room and bedroom, and was more comfortable (although there were 2 small beds instead of one large). The kitchenette in most (or all) rooms is a great feature, and even the smaller rooms are big-ish sized for NYC. However, the bathroom in the last room was small and VERY tight. Reception staff are typical New Yorkers - curt and unfriendly - compared to say Australia or England. The FREE internet in the lobby was most welcome, and the in-room internet rates were reasonable. We stayed on the back side which was MUCH quieter, and we occasionally were able to connect to a nearby open wireless network, saving us a trip to the lobby for the free internet. I guess overall it was not bad and not great - just average. Our biggest gripes would be (1) the disgusting smokers room, (2) the tiny cramped bathroom, and (3) the less than friendly reception staff.
61. I was with 6 other friends and we had the 2 bedroom suite. We booked 2 one bedroom units but they offered us the 2 bedroom when we arrived and it suited our needs much better in fact, it was perfect for our needs. The unit was large, bright and quite quiet. We could even open windows for fresh air. We loved being able to sit around the huge living room and relax between outings and before bed. The unit was super clean and comfortable. Furniture and colours are older but nothing was shabby or uncomfortable. Full kitchen made for easy light breakfasts. The location was fabulous - close to subway and walking to main areas easy. A great stay all around.
62. I have never been to a hotel where the desk staff are so rude and unhelpful. I must say that the doorman was always very pleasant. The suite was very spacious and the kitchen was a real bonus. The decor and the bath need updating, but the rooms were clean. It's disappointing that the first people you meet give you such a negative response.
63. Stayed with some friends here recently. Thought we would splurge a little with the location - which was nice, in all fairness. That was the only plus: we found front desk staff to be unhelpful and generally unpleasant, and there was just one person on all the time, so we always had to wait forever (this is NYC!). Also, our room had a leaking sink that went all over the bathroom floor. The best was definitely the absolute lack of soundproofing; we all woke up in a panic one night thinking someone was getting killed down the hallway when, in reality, it was just someone laughing. What hotel in any city hasn't figured out the concept of cutting down on noise traveling so as not to irritate hotel guests?? So I guess the only impressive thing, really, was the price. I would NOT stay here again...did I mention they also need to seriously redecorate and update their style?
64. We stayed in this hotel for a three/four day stay. It is a little off the beaten path, but in NYC you have to walk a lot or take taxies and we did both. To get to the theatre district/restaurant area was only $6.00 and the subway and Grand Central Station was only 5 blocks away. We never felt unsafe and the area is fine. the room was clean, a bit worn, be we paid under $250 for a one bedroom that slept 4 people and was fairly quiet. The sirens were not too close. There was only one TV in the LR, but we were never in the room that much to need it. The cable was not the best, some channels were scrambled, but again no big deal, were were there for sleeping and showering. Got extra towels when requested and maid wervice was fine.
65. room was larger than expected, but definitely more of a 1-star after the service we recieved. One of the guests in our party had left a shirt behind in the bathroom, however when we called back the next day we were informed by thier housekeeping staff that nothing was found in the room.
66. We recently stayed at Murray Suites from 20-22 December with three small children and three adults. The two bedroom suite was a perfect fit for the family. The rate for the room was $105 a night for two nights through priceline, however this was for a one bedroom king without a pull-out couch. The manager on duty, seeing a family of six in the lobby instructed us that an upgrade would be 40 dollars additional each night. Part of me was hoping for a free upgrade, but that same part of me was hoping for free parking. (doesn't happen) Rooms have a complete kitchenette and a microwave is available from 8am-4pm.
67. My teenage daughter and I stayed in the Murray Hill East Suites on a trip to New York in July. For our needs it was fantastic. No, it's not the Ritz, but our large room/suite was clean and nicely furnished. I loved having a living and dining area in which to relax after a long day of sightseeing. The bathroom was recently renovated, and the fully equipped kitchen was fabulous. The staff was very friendly, and we felt extremely safe. The location is also a plus. A three block walk to Grand Central Station could get us to anywhere in the city. There were also numerous restaurants and grocery stores nearby. Needless to say, I would definitely stay there again.
68. I got this room through Hotwire. For a February stay the place was really cheap for NYC standards (under $100 a night) and the rooms were really spacious for NYC. The place has the charm of a 1970s apartment block, but who's going to spend their time in their hotel room in NYC. Overall I was really satisfied, the rooms were clean, the staff friendly and I would certainly go back again.
69. Very large rooms, especially for the money in the city. The rooms (most importantly) were great. Small kitchenette with stove and fridge (no microwave), large dinning area, living area (comfortable couch and chair - a small TV, but wasnt in the room much, so that was fine.) Large bedroom area, with a decent view, LOTS of storage, and average bathroom. Serivce was standard. The only minus' were the hallways are tight and dark, and elevator is a little slow. Great location, just minutes by foot to Grand Central, and in a nice, quite neighboorhood. Street vendors selling goods 1 block away was great, and dinners abound within a short walk. We will stay here again!
70. Fantastic price for an apartment style accomodation, we met people on a tour who paid way more for a small hotel room, the location is very good for walking or getting to the subway, a little noisy with traffic noise at times but hey when your in the city that never sleeps you have to expect that! overall very good.
71. We spent 5 nights here in March 2007, and were pleased with the accommodation. The apartments were well situated with supermarkets and restaurants located in the same block, and Grand Central Station and Times Square within walking distance. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, and our 1 bedroom apartment was spacious and clean. The only drawbacks were the beds and pillows being a bit soft, and the passage way leading to the rooms smelled musty. Overall, the apartments were affordable and comfortable, and we would stay here again.
72. this is hardly a nice place. but rooms are clean, sheets were ugly but comfortable. tv was old as dirt but worked. staff was responsive enough. if you're looking for a safe, cheap, centrally located place to stay on manhattan, you could do a lot worse. but this place is certainly nothing special.
73. Old style apartment hotel - spacious and great location. I've settled all my bills by cash when checked out, and they charge those again to my credit card. I called them to discuss about it and they told me to send an email. I sent the email and never received a response or a reimbursement. Lucky my bills are small, so it's not worth the fight and long distance call.
74. As I was for business in New York for 4 weeks (8 January to 5 February 2011) and didn’t want to spend all this time in a small overpriced hotel room, I decided to book the Murray Hill Suites. As I didn’t know it and wasn’t sure if I would like it, I initially booked for a week with the possibility to extend. After a few days it was clear to me, and booked for the full 4 weeks. The location is great and I had no problems with the staff at all. They were always very helpful and housekeeping kept my (big) studio impeccable. I agree that this accommodation can not be compared with a big five star fancy new hotel, and the furniture is from the eighties, but the price is very reasonable and I find the suites extremely comfortable. I will for sure recommend this accommodation to all my friends and colleagues who are looking for a clean and affordable place in NYC. I can only repeat, RAY and STAFF thank you very much for making me feeling so welcome.
75. We spent five nights here the second week of August and were very happy with the room, the price-point and the service. The only draw-back was not having wi-fi available in the room, but it is available in the lobby. I would stay here again in a New York minute.
76. Group of three ladies stayed here for 5 nights over Thanksgiving 06. I have been to NYC on several occasions, and stayed in various hotels. I decided on the apartment option as I felt I would get more space for my money, and that we did. Very spacious one bedroom apartment. $300 per night for the three of us, which was really good, For all intent and purposes the property is a hotel, with hotel check - in, concierge and daily cleaning and maid service. I would agree with other reviews that the furniture was a little dated, but functional. We had a very well equiped kitchen which was fab for storing juice and snacks. Each day our room was cleaned, towels changed and any dishes put in the dishwasher. The staff were friendly which was nice. Any requests were dealt with promptly. I booked apartment through www.apartments2book.com and the service was very professional, I would not hesitate to book with them and stay at this property again. The area is very nice, quiet around corner is grand central and the chrysler building. Excellent supermarket around corner, diner on opposite street and internet cafe on the other corner.
77. My husband and I were up in NYC for the Five Boro Bike tour. Room was big enough for both of our bikes. Had a nice little kitchette. Walls are alittle thin, so we could here our neighbors arguing, but other than that a good hotel. NIce staff, allowed us to keep our luggage checked until we got back from the bike tour. Parking was $25 for 24 hours at a nearby garage. The location is really what makes this hotel great. Two blocks from Grand Central, where you can get a subway to anywhere else in the city. A quieter neighborhood than near Times Square. We would definitely stay here again.
78. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! The room was huge, with two queen size beds (although we paid for two twin beds), a big couch, two tables, full kitchen, and big bathroom. This room was bigger than my apartment in my hometown. Great value for the money. Very clean, quiet, and it had even free internet and tens of utensils in there.
79. Our rooms were humongous for NYC and very clean with full kitchen/refrigerator/dishwasher. outdated decor but who cares? you can see the top empire state bldg from the sidewalk outside (and russia! ha ha.) service was amazing with housecleaning every day. The local subway stop was Grand Central (5 mins) so lots of transport options. Our room was actually too warm so we turned the heat off most of the time. though we only went there to sleep, it was a great bonus to come back to a huge suite.
80. i got to the murray early room was not available yet. i waited 30 min after check in time . room still wasnt ready. 20 min later front desk gave me a key and said go and check if room is ready it was not ready! i finally asked for an upgrade. luckly this room was ready. once i got in my room which was a jr. suit i was very happy with the room. It was very very large compared to the rooms ive stayed in at the raddison lex. very clean. now check out day was not that great. im from orlando so im not use to whistling at cabs. and when i come to new york usualy someone who works at the hotel helps me catch a cab. the door man told me where I could catch a cab. after 5 cabs passesd me i went back to the hotel to complain. the doorman was asked to catch me a cab. and I made it to airport by a hair.
81. two married couples and a single lady needed clean, comfortable accommodation - not too expensive - for a base while touring in New York and we checked on trip advisor and found fairly good reviews on Murray Hill East Suites. We originally booked one Junior Suite and a one bedroom room because any larger rooms anywhere seemed to be too expensive. When we got to Murray Hill they offered us a two bedroom/two bathroom with sofa bed in living room so we could all go in together. Also had living room/kitchen area. Absolutely perfect! Desk staff and door man very helpful - we needed extra wine glasses and an extra frying pan and they were cheerfully provided. Close to all amenities although the three block walk to Grand Central Station seemed to get longer every time we did it. Had a room on the back of the hotel so very quiet. Kitchenette very limited facilities but great for cooking English Breakfast every day and then loading dishwasher as we went out. All in all would have no hesitation either recommending Murray Hill or staying there again if we ever go back to New York.
82. We booked 3 adults. (2 beds and a pull out couch). When we arrived there were no linens for the pull out couch. We told the front desk and they said they would take care of it and have someone bring some sheets and pillows up. So we trusted this and went out to visit the town. When we got back at 4am, there were still no linens for the pull out couch. We told the front desk that we STILL do not have any linens. We were then informed that they do not have any more left. Apparently this hotel does not have enough linens to supply for all their guests. Needless to say it was a restless night. If you want to sleep without sheets and a pillow....this is the hotel for you.
83. I stayed at the Murray Hill Suites in May 2008. I was going to New York for a workshop, and needed a centrally located hotel. I am a woman traveling alone, and a room that was clean, comfortable, and in a safe location was of the utmost importance to me. I booked the room through Hotwire, so I didn't know exactly which hotel I was staying at until I hit "buy". I have to say I was pleasantly suprised by the Murray Hill Suites. Prices for hotels in NYC are outragous, and Murray Hill Suites were a bargain for only $165 a night. The room was huge for NYC standards. It had a ton of closet space, and the little kitchenette was perfect for storing snacks and drinks in the fridge. I did not use the stove, but I thought how nice that would be if I wanted to heat up water for tea or leftovers. The room was so clean. I looked for the dreaded hotel bedbugs, and found only pristine sheets. So it is not an uber trendy boutique hotel, with modern furnishings. The bed was quite comfortable, and the air conditioning worked great. I was met every evening with a clean, cool room. The staff was quite friendly and knowledgable. If you are looking for a decent room, in a good location, for a reasonable price in New York City, don't hesitate to book here.
84. Went with my two adult daughters to NY and got a spacious one-bedroom (2 beds in the bedroom and a pull-out sofa in the living room) for the weekend at what we thought was a fair price. But when we opened the sofa-bed and saw the dingy mattress with all the springs visible under a worn-out layer of fabric, we were appalled. We flipped each other for who would have to try to sleep on that thing. The double beds in the bedroom were acceptable but not so great, either -- with saggy mattresses that definitely needed to be replaced. The kitchenette hadn't been cleaned well; the microwave was dirty inside; we hadn't been given a full set of towels; the TV remotes didn't work and the TV was left unplugged (we had to hunt for the outlet to plug it back in). Also, we were told the hotel had Wifi but they forgot to mention that the Wifi works only while you're in the lobby. A few good things: the hotel is very centrally located, easy to walk to lots of places, it's relatively quiet, and we thought the staff seemed nice .... if a bit overworked. But it's not a great bargain hotel when the beds are so old and saggy that no one can get a good night's sleep! If they just updated the beds, TVs and furnishings, I would have a lot of good things to say. But right now, I'd say it's not a good deal.
85. We stayed here for 6 days in a 1 bedroom suite: welcoming lobby and staff, 2 elevators to floors. Although the corridor was a bit unprepossessing when we opened the door to the suite we were really pleasantly surprised. It was spacious and well-laid out, with a huge bedroom with kingsize bed, and a double roll-out in the sitting room, which easily accommodated our 16 year-old daughter. There is a small kitchen with cooker, microwave (no instructions! ), tv, dishwasher and some crockery and cutlery, though few utensils. Bathroom was fine: compact but perfectly adequate, and water was hot though it needed to run. Hairdryer provided which was good in view of different voltage from UK. It isn't luxurious, but it is very comfortable and nicely located, and ideal for families with teenagers. 2 blocks from Grand Central Station (fantastic) and subway, a D'Agostino round the corner with lots of fresh and appealing food (a bit pricey but what city isn't? ), a Fedex internet 'cafe' 2 doors down..... Great and highly recommended.
86. We booked via Ebookers.com after trying to pick from a huge list of NY hotels!! What appealed was price, location, reviews and room sizes. To re-iterate what has been said before, yes the decor is quite dated and the lift (elevator) was a bit hit and miss! However the rooms were spotlessly clean, a fantastic size for New York and ideally located. They are a brisk 10 mins walk to Grand Central or a more leisurely stroll up to 5th Avenue and then onwards either up or down town. There was a fabulous diner, Bloomers, for breakfast (try the "famous" Eggs Benedict), a lovely Italian and a great Japanese restaurant that we tried, all within five mins walk. There is also a convenience store on the corner which stocks everything you could need (including umbrella's when we got stuck on a rainy day). Our room faced out onto 39th Street with a great view of The Empire State building. There was the odd occasion a car woke me in the night, but in the main I was impressed with how quiet it was. If you are looking for good value for money, good location, clean rooms and friendly service then I would definitely recommend this hotel.
87. 5 of us traveled to New York at the start of December and stayed in the Murray Hill Suites. We had a 1 bed suite and all we can say was that it was excellent. There was plenty of room of all 5 of us with 2 Double beds in the Bedroom and a double sofa bed in the Living room. It was great to have the kitchen so that you could make a cup of tea or even eat in as we did one night. The location was excellent with a shop on the corner that sold everything and a Starbucks just around the corner. Also Grand Central was just a stroll away so you were only a train ride from everywhere. If you wanted to walk around Time Square was only about 15 mins and you wouldnt even notice the walk because there was so much to see. I have stayed in Hotels in New York before and this was far superior. I would recommend Murray Hill to anyone.
88. This hotel is within walking distance to many of the top attractions and relatively close to the subway. The rooms are clean and the staff is good but not great. For the price I could not think of a better place to stay in Manhattan. I would recommend it to anyone travelling to New York.
89. We were at the hotel for most of a week in July. it was clean, quiet, and superbly located: we needed to get to the lower numbered streets as well as the usual museums (first-time visitors) The kitchenette was fine: the room information said that microwaves and toasters were available, but we didn't get around to asking. It doesn't count as luxury, but neither does my house, and we would stay there again any time.
90. I have stayed at the Murray Hill East twice this past year and each time has been a very good experience. The staff is helpful and caring. The rooms are big and clean. Each room has a small kitchen. You never know what you may get as far as a room in NYC and I have never been disappointed in a room at the Murray Hill. Very safe and nice neighborhood. You can always get a cab on Third Ave. Only $25 per night to park your car at their garage. Walking distance to Times Sq, and Empire State building.
91. For the past eight-years I’ve stayed at least once or twice a year at the Murray Hill East Suites, and it feels like my home-away-from-home when doing business in Manhattan. The central location and friendly neighborhood can’t be beat, the suites are unusually large for New York, and the kitchen and dining area make life easier when you get back late and want to eat what you want to eat, not just what’s around the neighborhood. The hotel is very clean, the beds comfortable, the water pressure good, and the staff is efficient! OK, the décor is vintage and a bit frayed in some suites, but with Manhattan rates going in the $400 to $600 range per-night, this is a wonderful alternative for “real” people. If you’re looking for posh elegance, or five-star amenities, and a snobby staff, then the Murray Hill is NOT for you. If you want homey, casual, clean, comfortable and roomy place to relax after a day of work, then this is the ticket. I’ll be in NYC again next month, and got into the Murray Hill-- in my book one of the more conveniently located and top-ten places to stay in the city, you can walk to Broadway, great restaurants, and Grand Central!
92. After staying at the Murray Hill Suites two years ago, we were prepared for a good experience, but from the beginning we were disappointed. We had requested a no-smoking room, but when we opened the door the smell of tobacco permeated the room. We had a suite for three people that had a king bed and a convertible sofa in the living room. When we opened the convertible at night and took the sheets and blanket from the closet, the blanket had a horrible stench to it. Since it was almost midnight, we called the front desk to complain, but since nobody else was on duty except for the front desk person, I had to put my clothes on again to go downstairs to get a replacement blanket. Then we discovered that the bedroom window kept opening if a strong wind blew. This occurred during the night with the NY temperature in the range of the high 30's and low 40's. We tried all kinds of methods to keep it closed, but with no success. We finally got a bellhop to come upstairs to fix it with some difficulty. Housekeeping, too, was disappointing, as one can guess from our experience with the blanket. The cleaning job each day was haphazard, and on the last night of our stay they didn't even make our bed. Very disappointing.
93. We just spent 4 nights in Murray Hill East Hotel. Loved the location: close to lots of restaurants, transportation, shopping. Hotel is clean. Nice furnishings. Staff is friendly and helpful. On the downside: the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom door would not stay closed, lots of street noise at night, wireless internet only in the lobby,
94. I am a former NY'er who goes home for visits frequently for at least a week at time. I hate hotels so I look for apartments or apartment-like accommodations. I got this through a travel deal on Orbitz and I could not have been happier. Much better than the place I have been staying in previously, which I will not name but which I will never go back to again now that I have found the Murray Hill!! We had a one bedroom suite - huge, this place obviously used to be an apartment building and I sure wouldn't mind living in an apartment like this! I love the bathroom (it's bigger than the one in my home)and has nifty art deco lights. The bathroom was white and green and the green theme continued throughout the apartment. Dark green carpet and the bed linens were also in the green hue. If you are looking for shiny new modern, then this is not the place for you. BUT if you are looking for large, comfortable, CLEAN, convenient accommodations, you can't beat this place. The kitchen has a dishwasher, some very basic pots and pans (not new but clean and they did the job). No toaster or microwave. The coffee pot is small and since we were there for a week and my husband drinks a lot of coffee we bought a larger coffee pot and 2 large mugs. No big deal to us. We had brought our own coffee and coffee pot filters. We never had any reason to call the front desk for anything and checking in and out was a breeze. The doormen were all charming, the housekeeping staff pleasant. Since I'm from NYC, I was very familiar with the neighborhood (having worked in the area for many years)tons of stores, a short walk to Grand Central, All in all, I'm loving it! We WILL be back!! !
95. It is about 8 minutes walk from the grand central station, very convenient. and there are lots of restaurants and convenient stores nearby. The room is comfortable , gived me a sense of living in my home. The view from my room is also nice.
96. We waited 30 mins for the chamber maid to start/finish the room - she saw us waiting in the hall and still took her sweet time. The carpet had stains in it, the kitchen was clean, the beds had bed bugs, the windows weren't as well insulated as one would hope, the walls are thin. The bathroom was newly renovated but very small, you could barely turn around full circle. The front desk people weren't that friendly, no one made eye contact and generally didn't offer to help us - even if you were perusing a map for 10 minutes in front of them. They were just a bit too lazy or didn't care - just did their jobs to the minumum. It's not a bad place to stay, just a bit dark and run down. I'm sure it's a great deal for a family since they can cook lots of meals and feel at home. But if you're single or married - there are much more relaxing or exciting places in NYC to spend your time in.
97. Stayed at the Murray Hill East April 6 - 9, 2007. The location is excellent at 3rd and 39th. We walked to Grand Central Station (only about 2 blocks away), Times Square, and much more. The room was a studio with two double beds, sofa (no pull out), table with 2 chairs, TV, and Desk. The kitchen was small, but offered everything we needed. There was no microwave oven however. The room was kept clean, although it could use updating. The carpet was pink (bad color for a hotel room) and had several stains. Housekeeping did a good job, even washing the dishes. We enjoyed the space as we have heard hotel rooms in NYC are very very small. We were on the 8th floor and could still hear street noise, but it is NYC after all. This hotel is not the 4 Seasons, but it is really a good value and a great location for your home in NYC.
98. I have stayed at this apartment hotel in NYC for over 20 yrs about 5 wks per year. It is in a good neighborhood with all the conveniences....drycleaners, nail salons, shoe repairs, grocery, restaurants and delis. It is a little worn around the edges so they are finally beginning to rennovate. They have studios, 1 bedrooms and a couple 2 bedrooms. Spacious and good for families. Full kitchens and pretty clean though a little worn. You would walk by it on the street and believe it was just another apartment bldg. However the manager there is the WORST at confirming rates, taking care of problems and communicating in general. You can call 10 times and even though he knows we are valued clients he will not return calls, confirm reservations or rates. In all my years in business I have never seen a hotel behave like this. If I were you I would book over the internet and not go through him or the reservations there as I feel that is dicey. After recently being overcharged by $90 he is refusing to credit me or return my calls. That is just bad behavior and bad business. The ppl at the front desk are friendly but behind them is just bad behavior and management.
99. We were there for three days with two teens. The size of the rooms were nice and the location to midtown was perfect. HOWEVER, the staff was ugly to say the least. Very unresponsive to needs/questions. The only TV in the suite was in the living area did not work well at all and was tiny. Very poor reception - not good when traveling with teens. The decor was very dated but clean. Good value to have a roof over your head while in the city, but don't expect any comforts of a vacation stay.
100. We had a large two-bed room (6th floor facing north. nominally "smoking" but without any smell) with full kitchenette, two big closets and a big bathroom with all basic amenities, plus dressers and a desk, windows that opened, with an actual (if narrow) view, adjustable air-conditioning, and decent beds. The staff were helpful and the cleanliness was faultless. The hotel has old-fashioned thick walls and is on a quiet street (important for sleeping) despite its central location, with grocery and wine stores around the corner and plenty of cafes and bars and wifi nearby. The hotel has a laundry center and there's a dry cleaner across the street. The tradeoffs are no room service, no hotel cafe or bar, and no business center or online access, which might matter in winter. Also, the room decor is old-fashioned indifferent and the carpet a bit worn.
