1. We really enjoyed our stay at the Erwin. We went there after ready really good ratings on TA ans we were not disapointed - the service is good and the room as well - thoroughly cleaned and the breakfast at the bar is delicious - would definitly recommend (if you are looking for a laid back good hotel - if you are looking for top of the range 5*, go somewhere else)
2. So I had a going away party here for my girlfriend and she LOVED this place. The rooftop bar is without compare in Venice or in Santa Monica. We had a great oceanfront room and woke up to the relative calm of Venice Beach before the tourists and shopkeepers showed up. Venice isn't for everyone but it makes for a fun staycation and the Hotel Erwin delivers. We had a great breakfast at Hash too! Would highly recommend.
3. Several months ago, a friend of ours passed away. My wife and I ventured out to LA for his funeral and had no idea where to stay. A friend of ours recommended this hotel as it was less than 20 minutes to the funeral home. We were exhausted as we arrived late after a five hour drive from Las Vegas. Upon checking in, the front desk agent greeted us with a smile and wished us well on our visit. We were very pleased with the size of our room and our view of the ocean. Upon awakening we ate at the hotel cafe and really enjoyed our breakfast. We then walked down to the beach, which is a very short walk, to try and clear our heads and relax. We couldn't have been more pleased with our experience. I highly recommend this hotel. Thank you Hotel Erwin for helping to create a nice experience during a very sad time in our lives.
4. This is a great place for a young couple or singles although very pricey. The room we had was lovely but the hotel was very loud (there is a bar on the roof). The elevators were slow and always packed with people. I stayed here with 2 teens and the location was great. Just a block off the boardwalk and close enough.to Marina Del Rey and Santa Monica to walk to (if you like long walks!). The staff was grear and responsive.
5. Outstanding! From the moment that we walked into the hotel we were greeted by the friendly and extremely accommodating staff. Every employee we encountered was fantastic. Loved the restaurant Hash and the rooftop lounge HIGH has the most amazing views of the ocean and the city. The hotel is close to so much. We were able to walk to the beach, Abbott Kinney, Main Street, Santa Monica Pier, Marina Del Rey. There were shops and restaurants galore all around us. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and next time I’m in Venice you can bet that I will be staying at Hotel Erwin!
6. I stayed at this hotel with friends at the end of my travels. It was a great hotel. Admittedly the view if you looked down into the alley did not amount to much, but the view of Venice Beach was great. The room was get clean. The rooftop bar has to make the hotel perfect. We happily sat and watched the world go bar. It had great music abd excellent staff. The staff were very helpful throughout, offering us sone great restaurant recommendations. I would definitely advise asking them. We were also walking distance to the canals which are a stunning walk. A great place to stay in the middle of Venice Beach!
7. Anticipating my first visit and overnighter to Venice Beach we chose this hotel for four adults sharing a two queen room. Prepare to experience an eclectic crowd outside the hotel. I highly recommend that you exit the hotel on foot only by day, it can be a questionable crowd at night considering there is a hostel nearby and many homeless surround the area. The hotel staff was friendly and the room was well kept. When we requested additional towels, a quick friendly response was offered. The restaurant is another story, I could not comment on the food as we seated ourselves and left after waiting 20 minutes and retrieving the menu independently after one was not offerred. Very disappointing.
8. Stayed here for the first three nights of our two week road trip in August 2011. The hotel is located right on Venice Beach, which although I'm a fan of, it might be considered a little rough around the edges for some. Regardless you can't argue with the location, as it's right next to the beach and promenade. You are able to get beach towels for free from reception. It's worth exploring the area away from the beach such as the shops on Abbot Kinney or the Venice canals which shows there is a lot more to the area then you would first imagine. The hotel itself is modern and our room was much larger than I expected with views over the ocean as well as inland. There's free wifi and HD content on the TV's which is nice. Parking's not cheap at the hotel but it is pretty easy to park in the area if you're willing to walk for a few minutes. Just be mindful of the parking restrictions which fall on different days based on when they're cleaning the street. There's a trendy rooftop hotel bar which was really nice with some great views, as you'd imagine. The only downside is that it seemed to be a destination in itself with complete with an achingly hip crowd and door control. At times we did feel like outsiders in our own hotel. All in all, if you're planning to stay in Venice then this is definitely recommended.
9. The only good thing about this hotel ws the friendly staff. The worst thing about the hotel were the bathroom doors. They had sliding doors which don't shut all the way so others in the room can easily see into the toilet/shower area of the bathroom. So if you like your privacy...stay away from this hotel. The t.v in my room would turn on by itself at 6:30AM every morning...we mentioned this to the front desk and the "engineer" said he would take a look at it but it was never resolved. Woke us up every morning and no one could explain why. My mom and sisters stayed at the suite and complained about the uncomfortable sofa bed because they could feel the springs. We stayed there for 5 nights and every single day we dreaded going back to our hotel. Like I said, the staff was nice but I would NEVER return to this hotel!
10. While it was only a one night stay, we were thoroughly impressed with this little jewel in Venice Beach. The hotel was clean, the AC was cold, the view of the boardwalk and ocean from the small outdoor space was fantastic. As soon as we checked in we immediately felt a part of the Venice beach scene. There is a rooftop lounge called “High” that really picks up at night, but is also the best spot to watch the sunset from. You can get a reservation from through UrbanSpoon.com or calling them direct at (424) 214-1062. The Hotel Erwin is just steps from some great “small plate” locally sourced food in addition to its own small restaurant. Room service for breakfast was extremely fast, accurate and tasty. Eat out on your patio and watch Venice Beach wake up!
11. If you haven't been to Venice Beach, don't expect Santa Monica! The neighborhood is funky, not real clean and at night a little scary. But beyond that, Venice Beach is a lot of fun and this hotel was great! We arrived in the late afternoon and after checking in went right up to the rooftop bar to watch the sunset. It was freezing cold, but there were heaters and blankets - plus great drinks, friendly service and a wonderful view - although the sunset the night we were there was not too exciting. We survived the cold for one drink and a panini, but even so, this is a great place to enjoy the ocean view. Our hotel room was small, but newly decorated, very stylish and comfortable. There is a restaurant on-site that we didn't go to - we were only there one night and decided to eat in our room for dinner and then went walking along the beach towards Santa Monica in the morning and found a breakfast spot on our way back. Our room was on the side of the hotel with a decent view over the adjacent buildings to the beach. We might go more upscale on our next visit to LA and try Santa Monica - but would also consider coming back here as the location was good and that rooftop bar is calling to us......
12. I recently stayed at the Hotel Erwin in Venice Beach California visiting a relative who had just had a baby. The GM upgraded me to a suite to honor the occasion and I must say that the combination of proximity to the beach and central Venice, the price, the decor and the friendliness of the staff make this one of the best all-around hotel experiences I have ever had. The rooftop bar HIGH was the icing on the cake. BEST views and drinks in the area and there is seriously no better place to watch the sun sink into the Pacific than there. I will be back!
13. I loved this hotel. The service was excellent. The bed was really comfortable and I didn't hear too much from other patrons. The food and service at the restaurant was awesome. After 1 meal there I decided to have all my breakfasts and dinners there.
14. The hotel wasn't very full and I know why, lots of construction. There was construction going on all throughout the building. My room was nice and the hotel itself seemed to be in a cool location right in Venice Beach, but the construction was hard to overlook. For the price I paid it underwhelmed ($350 for 1 night). I had a few drinks in the bar/restaurant and met a cute bartender, so that was a plus. I checked out the rooftop lounge, which had great sunset views, but I couldn't get any of the servers to even ask me for a drink order. All in all, I probably wouldn't stay here again.
15. Great place to stay in Venice. 2 minutes to the beach, very clean and comfortable rooms. The decor is very funky and very Venice. The hotel is short walk (5-10 mins) to Abbott Kinney (the main drag in Venice with lots of cute shops and restaurants). The hotel is also about a 2 mile walk to the Santa Monica Pier (very doable- just wear sneakers!). The staff was great, very easy going, but attentive. They have parking available (valet only- $28 a day) which is very nice. If you don't mind walking a few minutes away, you can park your car on the street for free, just go down Market St. or any street near Abbott Kinney and check the parking signs, it is not tough to find! The hotel roof bar is amazing, the views are literally breathtaking! Try and stop up early evening, it gets a little trendy, so dress accordingly! Overall I would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Santa Monica/Venice area.
16. We stayed here last summer on a whim, and loved it. We decided to bring our friends here this time, and booked on tablethotels.com, as the resort I work at uses tablet, and it is a great website. We stayed in a suite with a pull out and a fireplace, it was roomy and the decor was to our liking. The package that I booked came with a $50 credit at the restaurant. Upon check in I asked what the deal was on that, and the gentleman who helped me was unsure, and there was no record of this on our reservation, but after asking his colleague they came to the conclusion that we would eat there, and then the $50 would be taken off of our bill at check in, and there was no reason to let the restaurant know. When it came time to check out the person that was checking us out said that we should have let the restaurant know when eating about this, although we had been told differently at check in. I explained to him the situation, and then checked out. The bill that he gave me was $100 over what we had agreed to pay on tablethotels.com. When I asked the gentleman why this was, he said I would need to provide proof of our rate. I used their computer to print off the receipt from tablethotels.com which clearly had the rate at $100 less what they were charging. After about 10 minutes of debate, and me having to get a little upset, they realized that they were in the wrong, and fixed the problem. As I have worked with tablethotels.com personally before, I don't understand why they didn't have the correct rate or any information about the voucher in their records. It was frustrating at the time, but overall they corrected their wrongs, and because of the location and the rooms decor, I would definitely stay here again. I just hope that next time there is no issue with the billing.
17. This was my second stay at the Erwin. I appreciate the location and the security in the hotel. It is at the end of the Venice strip so a quiet location at night. I love the rooftop bar/restaurant to watch the sunsets over the ocean. Rooms are OK and bathroom has little privacy with a sliding glass door, but overall a good value for Venice Beach.
18. Stay in the heart of the Venice boardwalk. Me and my husband love it here! We try to come at least once a year! Venice is such an awesome place we love it and the hotel is the best!!!! A California must do! Doesn't get more LA than this
19. I was looking forward to staying at this hotel, because it was the most expensive, and I thought it would be the best, but you don't always get what you pay for. A partial ocean view upgrade is not worth the dance club next door pumping bass into your room until 3 AM, as well as the view of the garbage-can alley way. The hotel is set 200 yards off the ocean, so any ocean view is partially blocked by the boardwalk, a parking lot, and building or so. If I had the opportunity to give Joie De Vivre another chance, I probably wouldn't unless it was in a different location. Bring ear plugs, and watch for the shower water's changing temperatures, poor air circulation, and thin walls.
20. Pretty satisfied with the hotel. It is very close to ocean, the stuff is friendly, rooms are clean. I would not recommend this place for couples, the area is not very nice in the evening. Don't use their own online booking system, when I arrived they couldn't find my reservation ) Another thing I didn't like, internet is not free ( Awesome bar on the top of the hotel.
21. We recently spent 3 nights at the Hotel Erwin and thought it was a fantastic place to stay. The location is perfect. We booked a Premier Ocean View room and was given a room on the 5th floor. Go for the ocean view rooms. It is a lot of fun to watch all the Venice Beach happenings from the balcony. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. We ate dinner at Hash and thought it was delicious. Since we stayed over a weekend we were a bit concerned about noise coming from the nightclub High. We didn't have any issues at all. Our room was very quiet. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again!
22. My friends and I stayed at the Dogtown Suite for a birthday celebration. The room is epic! It captures the essence of the location. The white walls, immense space, and high wooden roof is exactly what you'd like to expect from a beachfront abode. However this place has a great kick of style with its clearly skateboard culture inspired decorations and it's own DJ booth! If you're looking for a beach getaway or looking to live like a rock star, this room will accommodate both ranges of taste and need. The hotel itself is in a great location. Everything, and I mean everything, is within walking distance. And if you're looking for a great bar and a great place to watch the sunset, definitely just go to the rooftop bar and you're set. It's a cozy place to socialize and have fun. So cozy, they'll even provide you with blankets! I highly recommend staying here with friends or a fun romantic weekend.
23. Hotel Erwin is the best hotel in Venice. Let's face it, Venice is very eclectic and the locals are interesting. If you are not comfortable with "weird" people and street performers, the city of Venice is not for you. That's the character of the city. But the hotel has nothing to do with the people of Venice. We had a great time once we moved away from the main strip. The hotel staff were friendly and provided us with great service. The restaurant at the hotel just revamped their menu so we tried a lot of the entrees. The truffle fries are good, even the pickled egg salad was good. The burger was amazing! We have stayed with Hotel Erwin every time we have come to Venice and have never been disappointed. Hi Lounge provides an exceptional view of the city and I definitely recommend going there. And I definitely recommend Hotel Erwin.
24. If you plan to stay in Venice Beach this is the place to get a room. And make sure you pay teh extra for a sea view too.. It's well worth the extra money. If you're not staying here then pay a visit at sunset for a drink on the roof terrace.. The sunset is spectacular.
25. Wow. I have no idea how one hotel can provide so much incompetence. Unhelpful corporate reservations staff who provide inaccurate information. Preferred guest amenities that are promised and not delivered. Best Rate Guarantee submission ignored. At check-in, receptionist informed us that rooftop bar served food until 11PM. At 10:40, we were informed that they had made a "last call" at 10:20 and no food was available. No solutions offered by staff whose attitude seemed to be a surfer like "bummer, dude." Filthy hallways. Unvacuumed room. And--get this--a half bag of cocaine lying next to the nightstand. Seriously?!? Do I have to look in the sheet for used condoms as well?!? No Manager available at 9:30AM to address these and other issues. Chaotic, understaffed front desk. Receptionists unable to direct other guests to Malibu. Answer? Go out to Lincoln Avenue, turn left, and follow Route 1. I know that and I don't even live there! Just one comic mistake after another with no redeeming qualities at all. OK, the view from the roof is nice at night. But absolutely no reason to stay here. Have a drink at the roof top (don't plan on eating though!) and then head back to any other hotel in the greater Los Angeles area. You'll thank me for skipping the Erwin; utter Hipster Hell.
26. I stayed at the Hotel Erwin for New Years eve 12/31 to 1/3 and can't say enough good things about this lovely hotel. Near the Venice Boardwalk with ocean view rooms, this classy place boasts a fantastic rooftop bar called High, where the beautiful people gather to watch those spectcular sunsets over the Pacific. When it gets chilly, glowing heaters and soft white blankets make an evening under the stars simply magical. A great wine list, fantastic food in the restaurant. The staff is friendly and some great deals can be found on the internet periodically. The parking prices are pretty stiff, but still overall, a wonderful place to stay when visiting the eclectic Venice area.
27. My husband and I stay at Joie de Vivre hotels often, but this is our first time here, It has a good beach location, but the front desk crew may have some kind of plan to divert you to a lower priced room. We had reserved a premium king ocean view many months ago, but upon our arrival we were placed in a room that was obviously not a king room and not at all as shown on their internet site. I was too tired to delve into this that night, but early the next morning, I called the front desk and after an involved conversation found out that indeed we were not in a king room. We would have our reserved room by 10 am--but still by 4 pm there was no room available, At this point I told them to forget it and that I would deal with it when I got home--suddenly there was a room available! WHy we were not in this room to begin with I have no idea as these rooms were not full, Is it some money making scheme on the part of management? Plus we were right under their rooftop bar and a loud loud bass pulsed through the room from 11:30 am until 10 at night. I would try their Huntington hotel if you want to stay at the beach as their staff is much better. I saw many foreign tourists staying here and I wondered if they were getting the rooms they had paid for ....
28. We had the most enjoyable stay at then end of our Road Trip in Hotel Erwin. We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights and discovered LA from there. At check in en during the whole we were provided with perfect service from Front Desk staff, who were always happy to answer any questions and give advice about what to visit in LA. The city tour booked by the front desk was very good. The beds in the rooms are really comfortable, big and soft. We also had a room at the alley, but did not have any noise from the bar next door. Very complete and original Mini bar items. It would be nice to have some smaller bottles of liquor in the mini bar. The only thing we missed in the room is a shaving mirror. We loved the complimentary Wolfgang Puck coffee in the room!!!! It is very recommendable to have breakfast and at least one dinner at Hash. The menu is not very big, but you will always find something of your choice. All dishes have a very original touch from the Chef. Prices are very friendly! Last night we were surprised by a fire alarm at 00:30 hours. We all had to leave the room because some joker activated the alarm. This all was handled very professionally by the staff members. If we return to LA, there is no doubt about where to stay.....
29. Have just spent 5 nights at the Erwin, excellent friendly hotel and room was spot on in all respects. Room had a lovely balcony with great sunsets each evening and views of the mountains to the north and east. Would recommend to anyone who wants to spend time exploring Venice.
30. I have been to the Erwin 3 times during the last 2 years, at different time of the year. It's a lovely and friendly place, in the heart of Venice beach, with comfortable, moder and clean bedrooms, great and unique view and a wonderful terrass on the roof to enjoy the view on Venice or the sunset on Santa Monica with a glass of champagne or a mojito. I love it, great vibe, clean, nice people, very helpful front desk, amazing place to stay
31. We stayed at the hotel for two nights at the tail end of a two week vacation (a Premium King). We were initially hesitant given some of the reviews, but were glad we overlooked concerns expressed by others. The hotel was clean and well maintained, the staff were attentive and sincerely interested in guests being happy, and the location (a block from Venice Beach) was perfect. We stayed on the 6th floor, facing south, toward the west end of the hall -- good view of the beach and of the sunrise. There's a rooftop bar on the seventh floor that is worth a visit (especially around sundown) and a restaurant on the first floor (Hash) where guests get 25% off -- good food and very fair prices. It is worth joining the Joie de Vivre frequent stayers program before arriving -- a complementary beverage (half bottle of wine is one option) and free wifi is provided to members. All in all, we were pleased with the property and would not hesitate to return, especially given its location at the centre of Venice Beach.
32. Was met by courteous staff, also able to check in early. Had a partial beach view. The room was arranged with the bed and chair facing the alley. I just moved the chair to the other side of the room and all was fine. It gave me a perfect view of the ocean, beach, and board walk. I skipped housekeeping for two days. They don't change you bed, they make up your bed. Have never been in a hotel that did that, but the sheets were not dirty so I didn't mind. The refrigerator was dirty on the outside, especially the handle and the clock radio.. It appeared that those items were repurposed but wasn't cleaned. properly. A+ for the bed and pillows. I got the room at Very reasonable price so I was a happy camper..
33. Having arrived at this hotel in the rain it did not inspire me. It is a grotty part of Venice beach and the area does not encourage people to go and mingle in the locality. The rooms were clean and we were on the 5th. floor with a side view of the beach and the room was a fair size and clean and comfortable. The views from the rooftop bar were excellent. Breakfast was not included in the cost but served in the ground floor bar and was of good quality.
34. For my wife's birthday I surprised her with a little weekend beach getaway. We could not have been happier with the time we had at Hotel Erwin in Venice. The rooftop bar at the hotel, "High", is amazing. I don't think there is a better place to watch a sunset in LA. The drinks hit the spot as well. After drinks, that Friday evening happened to also be "First Friday" on Abbot Kinney. Hotel Erwin is in a great location to walk to the street/food truck fair as well as everything else in the Venice Beach area. It was the perfect evening. The next morning could not have worked out better as well. Our with a delicious breakfast in Barlo was followed by a walk along the famous Venice boardwalk. The hotel is not only in the perfect location for the ideal LA beach experience, but it is extremely hip and comfortable at the same time. I highly recommend it.
35. After a business meeting I wanted a hotel on the beach for 2 days of relax. I decided to splurge and booked an ocean view room at the Erwin. It turned out I was initially given a room with a faint glimpse of the sea, but after complaining I was indeed given a room with ocean view. It turned out to be a very pleasant two-days stay. Room cleanliness could have been better, and the room was OK but nothing special -- but I decided I was willing to pay for the view. One is located at the center of the action in Venice, and beach access is, well, immediate. The roof top lounge is very pleasant, an excellent way to waste an evening in good company.
36. Great hotel with friendly staff in a fabulous location. If you are at all precious it is probably not the place for you as at night time it is a little dark and ominous walking around but if you have a car Santa Monica is minutes away. Yes the parking is $25 a night but honestly how many hotels do not charge for parking and at least you know your car will be there the next day. The rooftop bar had stunning views although only open Thurs to Sat at the moment. Venice Beach was as vibrant and ecclectic as ever. Like I said not for the precious as you definatelly see all sorts but I loved the energy of the place. The 1 Bedrooms are spacious and had great amenities. Spring for the view rooms as it is worth it. Did not get to eat at the restaurant but the prices seemed reasonable. Would stay here again but you really need a car but that is really the case with all of L.A if you want a bit of freedom. I am a travel agent would not hesitate to recommend to the right clients. Great Value for money
37. This hotel is very close to the beach which is its only good point as far as I'm concerned. Room rate 202 UD per night RO but upon check out noticed that the tax was charged at 14%. Views from balcony left a lot to be desired as did the unwashed glasses left in our room. Despite the web site stating that all rooms have flat screen TVs and ipod docks our room had neither. Menus postioned in tiny lobby did not display prices. No guest information in rooms and no information forthcoming from the guy at checkout who's only mission was to ask us to upgrade to a more expensive room. Only one elevator which was very busy and meant that we had to carry three heavy suitcases down the stairs for our waiting taxi. Despite filling in an online feedback form and e mailing the GM I have received no response.
38. My boyfriend and I recently visited Venice Beach on our yearly California vacation. Last minute, we decided to go to Venice Beach. We parked the car, and started walking around looking for a hotel. The first place we saw was Hotel Erwin, right on the beach practically! We walked in and asked for the rates and availability for one night. Miguel was extremely helpful, and got us all set up in a great room with an Ocean view on the top floor with a great balcony. The room was not huge, but not small either. It was roomy enough, and the decor was very modern. We were very happy that we stayed there, and look forward to vacation next year. One other great thing about this hotel is valet. Although it is a fee, everywhere in Venice charges for parking, and the hotel had in and out privileges. They also let us get something we left out of the car at 2.00am which was very nice. The day of check out, they let us check out late, and then we were allowed to leave our car parked there for a while, while we got a quick bite to eat. All in all it was a great experience!
39. The hotel has so many advantages over the other options in the area that it is a no contest. Best location, easy access, free parking. Very comfortable , ample, and clean rooms for it's category , good restaurant and not too expensive. But the best part is the quality of service and the knowledge the staff has about their work and of the Mayaguez area. They volunteered information that was very useful and all this with a smile. It is a comfort to notice that the hotel has more than adequate but not obtrusive security, you know there's someone watching what is happening in the property.
40. Hotel Erwin is the hidden treasure of California. Their staff and hotel is fresh and stylish. The room we stayed at was clean and very home like. We had a view of the Pacific Ocean that was only 500 yards away. It is right in the heart of Venice Beach and is on the pulse of the culture . It's roof top bar is fun for socializing and can be romantic as you watch a California sunset on the ocean horizon. We will definitely be reserving a room there for our next visit this summer.
41. I work in travel and have stayed at many hotels in my line of work, and I can't say enough good things about my stay at the Hotel Erwin. You can't beat the location right next to Venice Beach. Also, the rooftop bar called High, had spectacular views of the ocean and city. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Lastly, the beds are extremely comfortable and the brunch in their restaurant 'Hash' hit the spot right before spending the day walking around Venice. Two thumbs up for Hotel Erwin. Check out some of the street performers on the boardwalk in Venice. I saw a man jump over 10 other spectators! It was great.
42. Following the glowing reviews of The Erwin, we booked the hotel on Hotwire, where it is presented as a 3.5 stars hotel in Santa Monica/Venice/Marina del Ray. When we arrived at the hotel we were offered an "upgrade" at a price 40% higher from our "deluxe" room. We asked to see both rooms only to realize that the "deluxe" room is a substandard room on the third floor, poorly equipped. For instance: the TV is older, smaller screen variant, the security lock on the door was broken, the sink stop was missing and the shower head hardly functional. The troubles continued with poor housekeeping that tended to show up daily around 6 PM, just as we were getting ready for dinner. Out attempts to have them come during the day were futile. Further, even with their late schedule and despite our daily tips, the work was simply sub-par, requiring complaints to the front desk and daily revisits. All in all, we were relieved to depart and glad that we didn't opt for the "upgrade"
43. I stayed with my 2 young children, and the room as clean, spacious enough, and the location was fantastic - a few feet from the beach AND a great playground! There are plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Staff was helpful, though since it is the beach there is a laid-back vibe. Nice views from rooftop bar. We booked a suite so we would have a kitchenette plus a little more room for the kids, which was great.
44. We stayed at Hotel Erwin for 4 nights at the end of September and overall enjoyed our stay. We booked the Premier Ocean View King room expecting our room to face the ocean, only to find it was on the side of the building so really only Partial Views (refer photo). If you look straight out from the room you do not see the beach, only the rooftops of nearby buildings but once you get out on the balcony and look to the left, you can see the ocean and beach quite clearly. Despite this we found the price we paid to be great value as the room was very modern and new (we were on the 5th floor I think) and the bed and pillows were unbelievably comfortable! In fact this alone made staying at the Erwin worth it! The High Rooftop Lounge you must check out. We initally made the mistake of just looking at it from the lift and it doesn't look like much from there. But walk down and you'll see great cozy lounge areas and fantastic views of the ocean, with Santa Monica and the city lights in the distance. The Hash restaurant was ok, a little overpriced and limited, and the inside section doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the renovation - a bit dated I would say. The outdoor tables though are much better as long as it's a nice day out there. We had breakfast there one morning which was great. As far as the location goes it is great for the beach, it also is quite close to LAX airport without being on the flight path. But we did spend a lot of money and time on transport to Hollywood and Disneyland etc. If we came back to Venice Beach Hotel Erwin is definitely where we would stay...
45. The incredible location is just the beginning, from the moment you enter the staff at this chic boutique hotel makes you feel at home. Super-close to the Venice Boardwalk it was easy to rent a bike and ride to Santa Monica. The Hotel Erwin is close to amazing dining in Venice, Santa Monica and Marina Del Ray. A really perfect spot to enjoy some of the best of So. California. Check-in was quick and easy and the suite I stayed in was very comfortable and well-appointed. The wet bar was complete with dishes and silverware and I loved the sunglasse honor bar offering! The pillows and bedding were incredible and made for a very good night's sleep. The large and fluffy towels were the only thing that could have lured me out of the shower. Great rain shower head and perfect water pressure. Each room has it's own balcony with seating - but for a night out the rooftop lounge, HIGH was a great place to grab handcrafted cocktail and mingle with tourists and locals alike. One one particiular evening in addition to the heaters we were offered blankets to make our expeirence more enjoyable. It seems that no attention detail was omitted at Hotel Erwin. I have found "my" place in Venice Beach!
46. We booked our stay at "The Erwin" while staying in Las Vegas on summer vacation. Drove down on a Saturday morning and back on a Sunday night. Should mention we live in New York City. Never having been in L.A. before we had no expectations. The reservations agent was most helpful when I requested a suite with a view. He did mention it was ocean view, not ocean front. We were on the third floor, on the alley side, last room at the back. We did look onto the alleyway but could see some of he beach. While the view did not lend itself to sitting out on the balcony, it did have a certain Bohemian flavor. The room itself had a retro 70's feel with a comfortable living room and kitchen area, a separate bedroom with a nice king size bed, and a sink area outside the shower/toilet area. The colors were lively and the room had a certain charm to it. The hotel is two minutes from the Venice beachfront, which is a truly unique experience. Recalling we are from NYC, it all reminded us of Greenwich Village. While the quality of service and accomodations were above average, the whole Hotel Erwin/Venice Beach experience is a little quirky and should be approached with an open mind. We really enjoyed ourselves and wished we had a few more days. The valet was $27, but they were quick and helpful and it was very convenient. We highly recommend HASH for breakfast. The food was excellent ( oatmeal, great wheat toast, freshberries and a tasty corned beef hash) and the service friendly and helpful. We look forward to returning next summer and enjoying an ocean front room this time. Make sure you see the Snake Lady!! !
47. I LOVE the Marina Pacific Hotel. I visit the Marina Pacific every 3 to 4 months to recharge. It is my home away from home. All my friends and family know this is "my" hotel. The rooms are great. The construction took awhile but was worth the wait. I'm anxious for the restaurant and room service hopefully. Everyone from the front desk to the housekeeping staff always go out of their way to make sure my stay is as wonderful as possible. It's close to the airport so a shuttle from the airport is easy and convenient. Hanging out at the Venice Beach boardwalk is fun and free entertainment just watching all the people. It's fun to sit on the balcony and watch the crowds from the comfort of your room if you feel like it. Lots of good resturants within walking distance and some even deliver. If I ever ran away from home, this is where my family would find me. :o)
48. From the location to the decor this hotel is a little piece of hipster heaven. Lucky for us it's just what we were looking for. The room was spacious and had really cool furnishings, and the beds were comfortable. Unfortunately the bathroom left a lot to be desired. The tub was tiny and the toilet was behind a frosted glass door (zero privacy)! We tried the Hash restaurant for brunch which was quite good and relatively reasonable. The location was good in the daytime (minutes from the beach) but sketchy at night, and walkable evening food options were limited (not the fault of the hotel but something to be aware of). We got a very reasonable deal on this property through Expedia and felt that the value for what we paid was good, however if we were paying the rack rate we would likely have been disappointed. Next time we're in the area we'd probably stay in Santa Monica instead of Venice Beach.
49. We arrived after a long drive from Vegas on our recent trip from the UK. We were given a complementary room upgrade as we are members of the Joy of Life Club and a bottle of wine in our room which is a really nice touch. We originally planned to stay for only one night before moving to the Angelino, but we liked the vibe and location of the Erwin so much we asked Eugene, on the front desk, if we could transfer our booking for the rest of our stay, before we flew back home. Eugene went above and beyond, and made a call to make the arrangements and managed to get the cancellation charge waived. Everything ran smoothly and we had confirmation e-mails in our inbox within the hour. The following morning, Miguel was on front desk duties and helped us check out and check back in, even keeping the same room and rate, so there was no impact on us at all. He also helped with directions downtown and local bike hire. These two guys are a credit to the hotel and helped make our stay at the Erwin perfect.
50. This is a stylish, modern hotel just a block from the beach. Venice is "quirky," probably not for everyone. It may have the filthiest sidewalks in the US and perhaps the largest or at least most visible homeless population. But the hotel is very classy with a good small restaurant and rooftop bar with a great view. A seven-story building is a tower in Venice, and you can see all of LA from the roof. We liked our room with an ocean view. The location is very central. It's maybe a 40 minute walk on the boardwalk to the Santa Monica Pier. An express bus from Union Station stops a block away, and it was an easy bus ride to the Getty Center. Don't be misled: L:A has good public transit. We liked the hotel and found Venice really interesting. There is a good restaurant on the boardwalk about ten minutes north: The Fig Tree.
51. I have stayed at the Erwin a couple of times for business, and found the hotel to be quite pleasant. It is located close to the beach in “downtown” Venice Beach, so expect the VB experience once you leave the hotel. On the inside the hotel is modern with spacious, nicely decorated and equipped rooms and suites. Ask for a room on the North side of the hotel and towards the beach if you prefer quiet. They have a roof-top bar and seating area, and a bar and small dining area next to the lobby. Service at check-in and check-out can be slow If you arrive by car you’ll have to do street or valet parking, valet adds $27 to your bill. Try Benice next door for breakfast.
52. I was in a laid-back mood on this vacation, so it didn't really bother me to discover....the hot water heater was out! The staff was extremely apologetic about it, had contractors in non-stop to fix it, and offered a set-aside room that did have hot running water, where guests could reserve time slots & keys to shower. I was promised a satisfactory discount upon checkout, and this was forthcoming without me having to even mention it. The location is great, decor is cute, price is affordable. Venice and Santa Monica are quite pedestrian-friendly, compared with L.A. proper; I was able to walk everywhere I wanted to go (such as to a hairstylist to get a shampoo and blowout). Note: do check on the supply of caffeinated vs. decaf coffee pods before you go to sleep; our decaf was replenished every day but we had to ask for caffeinated ones.
53. I stayed here at the beginning of October with my wife, it was the start of our honeymoon and it couldn't have got any better. The hotel is in a sweet location, mere metres from the Venice boardwalk, it's also opposite a couple of the better restaurants around Venice Beach ( notably Danny's.) The staff were attentive and really went out of their way to help you out. There was even a free breakfast for anyone and everyone on the second morning of our stay! ( Topped off with a DJ playing tunes all morning.) The room was spacious and very unique - with a massive plasma tv and a bunch of cable channels. The balcony overlooked the beach and was much utilised as we chilled out with a few gin and tonics at sunset. I took up an 'Ink & Stay' package - where as you get a hotel room ( a very spacious ocean-view 1 bedroom apartment,) and a $100 tattoo voucher to use at a neighbourhood tattoo shop ( Great artist as well - Lucky from 'Sea Of Ink' did my work and I was very impressed with it. I think they may use another tattooist as well, Graffitti artist Norm - who I believe painted the mural at the front of the lobby.) I even got a free bottle of Patron tequilla to drink the pain away. Anyway, 'Hash' the restaurant serves the best brekkie in town - everything we ate there was superb and the rooftop bar is cool and full of beautiful people. Cocktails were grand and if you're staying at the hotel I believe you get guaranteed access to the bar ( it's a hit on weekends.) I couldn't recommend this hotel enough, it's so fu$%king good. I intend to visit again next time I'm on the West Coast and I'll be recommending to any Australian that makes it know that their heading over to the States to hang out at Venice Beach.
54. Funky bedroom styling, although ensuite in our room had not been refurbished yet so was a little at odds with the rest of the decor. Fantastic roof terrace for sundowners Only one lift, so might have to walk the stairs sometimes In walking distance of shops and bars of Abbott kiney street, so guaranteed a good night out and plenty of cool shops to potter about in. Might want to bring your skateboard for Venice beach! Only valet parking at $25 a day so may need to be creative with your parking options - can park in carpark odjacent to hotel for $8 aday until 11pm. There is also free parking on street from 6.30pm until 8am outside subway sandwiches opposite.Didn't get to eat at the hash restaurant attached to the hotel but it all looked god and was reasonable price.Would definitely stay there again, but would get a sea facing room next time
55. Living in downtown Los Angeles, i was feeling the need to escape the heat and be near the ocean to celebrate my birthday with a few of my close girlfriends for the weekend. I couldn't have chosen a better place to do just this other than Hotel Erwin. Being familiar with the Joie De Vivre group, I knew that I would be pleased with my experience. We had a great room on the 6th floor (the very top) that opened up to a cozy balcony with a fantastic ocean view. Working in Hollywood 10 hours a day, everyday, I was well over due to for a relaxing ocean breeze, that was mine to be had only a short 20 miles away. My girlfriends joined me at the hotel to have a glass of wine at HIGH and then we ventured off to Wasabi, probably one of the best sushi joints in the area (on Abbot Kinney). I didn't want to leave so I stayed a 2nd night and then enjoyed breakfast at HASH on my way back to downtown. I look forward to my next stay at Erwin & would highly recommend the 6th floor rooms with the balcony!
56. We were supposed to stay there for two nights but we loved the suite so much that we cancel led our other booking to stay at the Erwin for the rest of our holidays in LA. The style of the room is great, very 70's, very california, really cool.The staff is super friendly and the bar on the roof is a must go (don't forget your jumper, you will be on top of the building facing the ocean so it is always cold up there). The only thing we found a little cheap was to charge for the internet wifi but withour asking they removed it from our bill so nothing to complain about! Will definitely go back at the Erwin whenever I go back to Venice beach.
57. Married in 2005 on the Podium on Venice Beach we return each year for our anniversery and attend the Muscle Beach tournament on Labor Day. This year will be our 6th time. We discovered the Marina Pacific (as it was then) and never looked back. The Erwin has been re-furbished and last year for our first visit we were not dissapointed. The staff excel and nothing is ever too much trouble. Food is varied and room service good. Clean and very comfortable, we are particularly fond of a long serving cleaner on the 4th floor. Straight out of the door and straight onto the Boardwalk. We hardly venture far as everything we need is within walking distance, but for the sightseers the buses are on the doorstep. See you soon Hotel Erwin. We're coming back.
58. Although my wife and I checked in at 2AM, the room was well situated on the 6th floor, northside, with a great view of the Pacific, Venice, and all along the hills to the HOLLYWOOD sign. Having a a walk out terrace with the room was a perk. Breakfast the next morning at HASH, the inhouse restaurant was superb, and the staff seemed pleasant and geared to customer comfort. We would come back and stay again, if circumstances permitted.
59. The only bad thing I can say is that we only stayed for one night en route to Vegas. From check in until check out everything was perfect. I have stayed before when it was a Best Western and they have made massice improvements. Loved it and will return for a longer stay.
60. The staff is great. Friendly from the front desk to the maintenance people. If you had a question they would answer it with more than just a passing interest. We booked the hotel and they talked us in to upgrading to a balcony room overlooking the ocean which was great. We loved sitting out on the balcony and drinking a beer and toasting the sunset. The down side is there is a rooftop bar which was right over our head and the music pounded until 1 or 2 in the morning. We were on the room closest to the Ocean on the 6th floor (top) and we talked with people more towards the back (same view pretty much) and they said that they could not hear the music. I will say that we did not ask to be moved after the first day (we just stayed two days). The music did not bother us too bad, we are both pretty heavy sleepers, but I can see how it could really bother some people. We ate breakfast at the hotel and it was great. We are probably more Santa Monica people than Venice, but the staff made the stay worth while and if Venice beach is what you want, this is the place for you. Our room was very nice remodeled, not too big, but nice. Good beds, a small refrigerator and a safe in your room. The balcony with chairs was the best part of all.
61. Stayed at the Erwin at Venice Beach for two nights with the room being great with a view over the beach. It is on the coast and not far from all of the main attractions of LA... although it is a location of its own well worth a visit. It really is the location that is the hit for those who like a stay on the fringe of life. The beach front holds one transfixed by the characters that frequent it along with their antics [don't be fooled as some of this is part of an act and some of these people are talented folk who choose this way of life] admid the tattoo parlours, outlet stores and medicinal cannabis locations. It is the later that gives this area an interesting "breeze" that might not be for some... as "the breeze" is there almost 24/7. The Hotel has a fantastic roof top bar above "the breeze" that has an uninterupted view to all points of the compass and a great little restaurant that is well appointted as well as serves excellent food. However, when staying here get out onto the breach front and have a meal at the "Side Walk Cafe" so you can be entertained by the side show... it is well worth it!
62. if you're looking for a fun, funky, friendly and fresh place to stay in Venice Beach then Hotel Erwin is the spot. i accompanied my husband (work for him; leisure trip for me) and we stayed for 2 nights. i searched the internet for over a month looking for the perfect spot and we found it. The hotel is 1/2 block from the boardwalk--can't beat the location. The staff was friendly the minute we walked in (hello, Miguel!). The rooftop bar/restaurant at sunset--complete with heaters, couches and blankets---was so beautiful. The restaurant (LUSH) was amazing. We went to LUSH our first night and we split an entree (after having cocktails and appetizers on the rooftop)---the lasagna was so good, that we ordered another piece before finishing the first one. The room was clean--i appreciated the cotton bedding, the tile floor (hate carpet in hotels), the orchid flower, and the bathroom goodies. Seriously, we have never written a review for Trip Advisor but we just had to write one for Hotel Erwin after staying there. Things you should know: valet parking is $25 per night and the rooms on the south side would probably be preferable to those on the north side--city/beach view vs. alley view,
63. Hotel Erwin was one of my little splurges on my last trip in SoCal...my boyfriend and I were looking forward to a boutique eclectic style experience & Hotel Erwin did not disappoint. During our stay, the hotel was undergoing some renovations however, we were not inconvenienced what so ever & the $10 restaurant vouchers in exchange for the disturbance made up for it. The service at this hotel was exceptional; Anderson the Valet was a gem. He catered to all our needs and went way beyond the duties of his job title. We also had a chance to try their new restaurant which was slightly pricey for breakfast but the choices were so interesting & yummy we didn't really care when the bill came! Another fun feature of the hotel is the rooftop deck with the cozy couches and a perfect view of Venice Beach!
64. My wife, 10-year-old daughter, and I had a great experience staying in a suite at the Hotel Erwin. The room was great, service was excellent all-around, with special kudos to front desk person Miguel, who went out of his way to to assist us with traveling advise, recommendations, etc. The outside of the hotel was unimpressive as major renovations were being made to the exterior and it was covered with scaffolding, but the suite was delightful. You're one block from the beach. If you're looking for pure relaxation and beautiful surroundings, this is probably not where you want to stay. You're in the heart of the very lively Venice Beach neighborhood which is very active and a little scruffy, but the hotel itself was delightful. If you want to stay in Venice, this is a great place to be.
65. My wife, new born, and I stayed in Venice beach for one night, but wish we were there longer. We reserved a one bedroom suite which was colorfully decorated and had a great view of the beach. The beds were comfortable and we wish it was colder the night we stayed, because we would have used the fireplace. We did not eat at Hash or have a drink at High, but overheard a guest raving about the food. So it must be good! Everyone was friendly and provided us with the information we needed to get around - find Starbucks, the reatuarant we were meeting friends at, and refuel are car. The bellmen were quick and friendly. I highly reccomend staying here if you are in the area.
66. I stayed at Hotel Erwin for a weekend getaway with a girlfriend last May. We just wanted a good old Venice, beachy, fun girls' weekend out. The room started us off right - so 60's Venice! Bright colors, skateboards, butterfly chirs and a grand ocean/boardwalk view (always entertaining). We had cocktail on the Roof (High) both evenings at sunset, which was beyond compare. The staff (Erin) was SUPER helpful offering suggestions of where to have fun on Saturday - drove up the coast to Malibu after a great breakfast at Hash! Can't wait to go again! !
67. We booked this hotel after being advised by the travel agent it's perfect for access into Hollywood etc. We advised the travel agent at the time of booking we did not want to be hiring a car and they advised this was fine. The hotel was $100 taxi ride from Hollywood/Beverly Hills and the area the hotel was situated in was not nice, and not safe for two young girls to go out in the evening. Santa Monica pier was about a mile walk away. If you're looking for a hotel which is near to the sights of Hollywood etc, then this is not the hotel for you.The hotel itself was beautiful and the rooms were very spacious, with incredibly comfy beds! We had a few nights were people were being noisy, and even attempted to bang into our door at 3am to find they had the wrong room! The restaurant was lovely, and so were the staff so all in all the hotel was great, the location was not.
68. I have stayed at the Hotel Erwin four times over the past three years (most recently December 11). The location is great and the overall vibe of the property is cool, hip, and funky. It seems that the management believes the great location and the cool vibe is all it needs to be successful. There doesn't appear to be a guest service focus at all. The service at the front desk is painfully slow and unattentiive. As others have said, the rooms are in need of maintenance and updating. Nothing serious, they are just tired. In spite of the poor guest service and the need for room maintenance, the Hotel Erwin is a good choice if you want to stay in Venice. Just don't expect four star service and accomandations.
69. I chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor recommendations as I was looking for something different to the standard chain hotels. The location is good (very close to the beach and a long-ish walk to Santa Monica). The hotel had an interesting retro vibe, and the roof deck is cool. The staff were friendly and helpful. My only gripe was that the 'free wi fi' is only 'free' if you join their club; which is in turn free but a pain nonetheless. Overall we had a nice stay at the hotel.
70. Roof top bar was amazing with a beatiful view of the sunset. The bartender was very friendly and had some great recommendations of other cool places for us to visit while we were in the area. We had one rainy day while in Venice so it was great to have a suite to kick back and watch a movie in our room. The hotel gives you the option of going green and of course we did....what a great idea!! Coupons to use for dinner in the restaurant! Wonderful food (the shrimp and grits were fantastic) While eating at Barlo we checked in on "Yelp" and was able to recieve a free cocktail, which was awesome! The young lady at the front desk was very friendly and made the arrival and check out process very smooth. Will definitely be going back!
71. The Hotel Erwin is a great place to stay. It is just a little let down by it's surroundings. I do admit our visit was 'out of season' April, but side streets, and general area, were a little run down. We didn't feel comfortable venturing out at night, but the Erwin has a great alternative - the roof top bar 'High'. It is very cool, and has amazing views (especially at night) across LA. The room's were good, and we had a free upgrade for one of them (for a Facebook 'like!) to a suite, really nice to have dinning table, settee, and kitchenette, in a good size room. Our breakfast in 'Eat', was ok, but was served warm, not hot. Service at the desk was great, in addition to the response's from my 'online' questions, prior to our visit. I would recommend a stay at the Erwin (for great access to Venice Beach), they do know how to look after you.
72. The restaurant is new remodeled and the food is amazing. The atmosphere is stylish and the service was great. I'm a salmon lover and I can't say enough about how flavorful it was. My friends had the burgers and they love it. If your in the Venice area or staying at this hotel you have to check out the restaurant.
73. I used to stay at this hotel when it was a Best Western. I have to say I preferred it then. Its now very chic and very expensive. They have taken away the inclusive breakfast, shuttle to Santa Monica and the valet parking is compulsory. It's very pretentious (stupid coffee makers) though the art on the wall remains as good as it always was. It was the only room on our 9 hotel vacation where the wi-fi was restricted to members. The room is full of things to buy and one gets the feeling that it's pay-pay-pay. The new roof terrace is great but very overpriced drinks have a compulsory 18% service charge added. We paid extra for a sea view room but it was very noisy due to the music on the roof. It can't say its a bad hotel. It isn't. But it belongs in Santa Monica - not the more relaxed Venice Beach.
74. We had a great stay at the Erwin, and the staff really made it more enjoyable. The front desk staff was very welcoming, and very resourceful when it came to suggesting local places to visit or eat. The rooms are nicely designed and very clean - we enjoyed our room on the 6th floor facing north which gave us a great view from the balcony of the Venice Beach Boardwalk right below us. Their restaurant, Hash, had amazing food - a destination even for those not staying at the hotel. And the rooftop lounge/deck High is awesome.
75. The Hotel Erwin lived up to every review I read, and every good thing I'd heard about it! We were given premium treatment from the moment we pulled up to the front doors, until our departure the next day. The valet service was efficient and affordable, and the staff who greeted us at our car were very polite and helpful. At the front desk we were greeted by a friendly and gregarious gentleman, who invited us to "sing for our room" and gave a heartfelt example of how to do so. Our room was very large, light, comfortable, and beautifully and artfully decorated. Every inch of it was designed to inspire, please and captivate. It fully captured all the spirit and energy of the beach, and was a terrific addition to our visit there. This hotel is literally in the middle of everything! We were very pleased with how easy it was to reach from the highway, and how close it was to the beach, and the famous four corners in Venice. While we didn't have the time to enjoy the pool deck, I did run up to check it out, and it was every bit as lovely as I'd heard it was! On my next visit I will be sure to take full advantage of it. Our stay was part of a very special Birthday celebration, and to this day, we talk about how well this hotel complimented our experience. I would happily plan my next trip to LA around staying at the Erwin.
76. Spent my birthday weekend at Erwin. They made me feel like a rock star! Everyone from housekeeping to management goes out of their way to make sure my stay is always great. They are helpful, will give suggestions on places to go and what to see. If you have any questions or needs, all you have to do is ask...if they don't ask you first.
77. I stayed here for my honeymoon in October 2008 for 3 days. We were given a room on the top floor, which is their newly remodeled floor. When we checked in, the front desk clerk was not polite, we were treated like a lower class that some how got on the upper floor. We were given a room between two rooms having construction done. So we were woken up each morning at about *:30 am or so, by loud voices, hammering, and music. The last night there, I was bitten several times by something in the bed. When I told the front desk at breakfast, they told me it was something probably from the beach. They then said they were going then to check our room. When we got up there nothing looked like it had been moved or disturbed. We decided to check out not long after that. When I asked to speak to the manager, I was told he was not available, but that he would be calling me in the next 24 hours. Needless to say I never heard anything. I tried calling the hotel, sending an email, still never heard anything. Only after I complained to Best Western directly, did I get told that the hotel claimed they had fixed everything with me already. Shortly after I recieved a generic hotel apology. To top it off, we had to pay an extra $15.00 plus tax per a night for parking.
78. this review is for a deluxe king bed room only. other rooms may vary. valet parking only. for $28/night. you can't access your stuff in the vehicle once it's parked. cheaply built. un-tasteful art. but drug addicts or underground punk band members might like it. un-family friendly. not satisfied at all aside from the fact that you can walk to the beach. the deluxe room doesnt have a microwave. i have a baby that feeds thrice at night. theyre asking for $60 for rm upgrade w/ microwave. cant provide a microwave for a single night. no refrigerator. they only have the chiller. a very small one at that. i want to stock some ice cream in the ref for the children cause it's hot. but not possible in this deluxe room. there's no sense of elegance inside and out at all.
79. We stayed at Hotel Erwin for one night and enjoyed our stay very much. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view suite and the room was clean and comfortable. Pros - location (just a block walk to the beach!) - service (everyone was friendly and went out of their way to help you) - managers reception (free wine/beer for an hour while getting the chance to talk to staff/get recommendations for local sites) - valet (fast and friendly) - decor (artsy and fun) - rooftop bar (amazing view) Con (just one!) - slooooow elevator. There is only one for guests and it would take several minutes each time we wanted to use it. May not sound like a lot, but when you are just standing there waiting it seems like forever. Also, I have to disagree with anyone else who has commented about the lack of restaurants or nightlife. We saw 5-6 places to eat within a few blocks and ended up at a great place called Bindi BBQ. You bring your own liquor and the food is great. We were able to bar hop to a few places from there. Granted they aren’t all right next door (although there is a great bar next to Bindi BBQ/a block from the hotel where we played pool), they are close enough to walk. So it is an option for those who want to go out at night.
80. I had the distinct pleasure of staying at the Hotel Erwin over Christmas vacation. The service was wonderful. Each member of the staff was friendly and attentive. The beds were comfy, and the view of the beach is ever so inviting. For a more panoramic view of Venice, you can go to the roof top bar and enjoy the sea air. The food at Hash, the restaurant just off of the lobby, was fabulous for breakfast. I suggest the corned beef and hash. It is not from a can, it is in the spirit of the recipe, using actual corned beef and potatoes. I also had a chai latte, which was huge and very refreshing. Will, who works at Hash, sat us and gave us excellent service. He also brought us breakfast via room service the next day, and I have to tell you, his service was just as incredible. If you ever find yourself in Venice and need a place to stay, check it out!
81. I live in San Diego and work throughout the state along with other states in the nation. Have been working and traveling for 8 years of my life and stayed in some nice spots. Hotel Erwin however was one of the nicest and cleanest places I have been in a long time. The room was clean and retrofitted with all the right amenities. The staff was super signed me up for Joy Luck club at the front desk and provide us with super service on the rooftop lounge. The location is ideal in the heart of Veince Beach, CA. A rooftop lounge that overlooks the beach and ocean! As I said I live in CA and I felt as if I were on vacation up there. Perfect spot to bring clients/customers in LA to relax and enjoy the weather above all the crazies below. If you have people from out of state this is the place to take them!!! Food, Drinks and best spot in town to people watch not to mention night life around the hotel all with in walking distance. Breakfast at Hash was super! All in all a perfect stop on my business travels and one that I will come back too. I am now planning my travels around JDV Hotels locations throughout the State!
82. The staff was very professional, kind and courteous and everyone seemed to be genuinely happy. The room that I stayed in was absolutely amazing. The Hotel is classy and has a rooftop bar. Couldn't make it up there during their hours but appeared to be cool. The location is unbeatable - less than a block away from Venice Beach - and the balcony had a great view of the beach (it helped that the weather was great). While the room wasn't ready for an early check-in, there was maybe a ten minute wait (that was spent walking to the beach) and it was all ready. I highly recommend checking it out. Even if it is to go to the rooftop bar for a drink and a great view.
83. A friend and I were driving from Vegas to San Diego last week and made a last minute decision to stop off in LA for a night, and found a cheap room at the Erwin via ebookers.com. We read the reviews on Tripadvisor, but you can never be totally sure... However, they are totally justified. Amazing hotel! Srsly cool. We had a kitchen and balcony and partial ocean view. The room was great and actually looked nicer than the photos - funky decor, perfectly clean, cool neon bathrobes, valet parking... TV, nice bathroom... The staff were really helpful, the location is cool, right on the beach, and 10 mins walk from Abbot Kinney (great coffee shops, boutiques and restaurants). I would totally stay there again and have already recommended it to friends.
84. We stayed at the Erwin for three nights as part of a longer trip to California. On arrival the valet parking was efficient and reception staff were friendly. However, once we saw our room - small, no safe, very old fashioned bathroom, view on to a busy road - we were surprised, given the pictures on the website. The staff were helpful and moved us to a much larger room with a safe and more modern bathroom. However, we then found that building work was taking place directly under the room, which started at 8.30am on each of the three mornings. There was also a lift shaft in the room, which we assume took snacks up to the bar from the kitchen - this rattled away until about 10.30pm. In between this, the road outside was very noisy with deliveries being made in the side alley at 4.30am one morning! The location of the hotel is very good for Venice Beach but you can't actually get into the hotel from the beach, you go round the front which is not the most picturesque to say the least. There is a little patio to eat/drink but you are basically sitting on a main road so we ate in the restaurant one evening - we were the only guests and one of the five main courses was unavailable. They were upgrading the restaurant so this may have improved now. The roof top bar has impressive views. However, you need to book a table since when we went up (on a Tuesday night) it was completely full and we couldn't sit down - although locals seemed to be squeezed in! The hotel were apologetic about the noise and did give us a refund on our valet parking, which we appreciated. However, we'd have preferred a hotel where we could get a nice meal and a good night sleep!
85. Quite a funky hotel to stay in,we were upgraded to a suite which has a kitchen in it which gave extra space.The highlight was the rooftop lounge which has 360 views over Los Angeles a brilliant spot to sit and watch the amazing Californian sunsets from while drinking a watermelon margarita.The hotel staff were so helpful especially Eugene at the desk and Chip .I wish that there had been more areas to sit inside the hotel,the bar/restaurant was small,and I was not very keen on the area,but a very popular hotel not maybe suitable for families with children
86. I stayed here with our two boys - 7 and 9. They loved the lollipops at the front desk, the cool one bedroom suite that we were upgraded to, the food at Hash, the view of the Hollywood sign at High, the cool location right by Venice Beach. I would definitely stay here again.
87. My Husband and I stayed at Hotel Erwin for one night. I took part in their "Ink N Wink" package! The tat came out better than I could have ever imagined. I got a a pretty large one I might add so it took longer than expected. Hotel was very understanding and allowed us to have extended chack out. The front desk concierge-Migel I believe his name was had a very welcoming smile and was very attentive to all requests. The room was great.We had a one bedroom suite. The balcony over looking the boardwalk was amazing. My only gripe was the bathroom, very small although nicly tiled. Fireplace was very easy to operate. They also have a great goody box in the kitchette that had interesting products you don't see in many places. I work in the hotel busniess and have never given a property five stars-but Erwin has one me over! The customer service was the best that I have seen in many years of traveling.Thank you Erwin for a truly memorable stay-I'm not just saying that because I got inked!-)
88. Hotel has great restaurant and rooftop bar which attracts visitors from afar. You can see for miles and great for sunsets. Only thing for us which was strange was the room decor but this did not detract from our stay and maybe fits the theme of Venice Beach as it is a weird experience overall. We had a great stay and reception staff were great and very helpful if you needed anything. Very interesting visit and everyone should have a couple of nights here just to people watch. Beachside restaurants great and very good value.
89. We stayed at Hotel Erwin for a weekend getaway and it was a much needed break. I loved the fact that we could watch the free entertainment on Venice Beach, but when we neeed to escape the madness, Hotel Erwin was right there. You can't beat the location and our view of the ocean was amazing. The beds were super comfortable too! I highly suggest the rooftop lounge because they have an amazing view of the Venice Beach, and the drinks were great. Pricy, but well worth it. The staff were friendly and accomodating. I would definitely come back to this place..
90. I stayed with the Erwin over the weekend and had a great stay! The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly and the room itself was fresh and comfortable. I work in the hotel industry and have stayed at a lot of hotels. I give the Erwin two thumbs up. The bed at the Erwin was comfortable, which ranks high on my requirements given my propensity for back problems. You can't beat the location and if you've got a little extra to spend then I highly recommend getting a room with a view and on the 6th floor. The 6th floor has balconies, so you can order room service and have breakfast outside looking at the beach. There is a rennovation taking place, but it didn't disrupt my stay. Asdies from some scaffolding outside, I didn't notice it. There aren't many restaurants off the boardwalk in Venice, so make sure you make a reservation at High (rooftop bar) or the . It has panorama views of the beach and good food/drink. It's got heat lamps too, so whether it's a sunny day or you want to kick back at night...High is the place to be. Also, Barlo, the restaurant off the lobby, has a great breakfast. If you've never stayed at a Joie de Vivre hotel, it's worth checking one out. They all have charm, good quality of the rooms and great service.
91. We stayed in the Dog Town Suite and it was amazing!!! Amazing view and great service!! High Bar was awesome. The service was great and they even had blankets for you if you got too cold! I an recommending this place to everyone I know! Can't beat the location of this hotel... Just steps from the beach.
92. From the first moment we arrived to the moment we left, the staff made every effort to create a calm, welcoming atmosphere at Hotel Erwin. The Hash Restaurant and the High Lounge are a surprise of veritable delights making it difficult to choose in what to indulge.
93. Great hotel. Great position on Venice, rooms are large and spacious, shower is excellent, beds are super comfortable and they have a nice feel to them generally. The staff are friendly and wonderful and nothing is too much trouble. Miguel, Eugene and Rich (the night mananger) are all very much integral to the experience, as they go out of their way to make your stay more enjoyable. Indeed, I have had to deal with the General Manager Benjamin on another matter and he also is lovely and courteous. YOu are made to feel truly welcome. In my view, this is a vastly different experience to other hotels in the area. High, the rooftop bar at the Erwin (with tapas style food) is AWESOME, great view, fantastic Argentinian beef tacos (a must) and great ambience. I made the mistake of staying at the Bayside Hotel (what turned out to be a $150 a night fleabag motel) on a recent 3 day trip to LA, and in desperation called the Erwin and they squeezed me in at late notice and even called a cab to come and pick me up from the Bayside. Hotel Erwin - all the way.
94. I really liked the Erwin. It's a well designed and clean hotel in the heart of Venice beach. Amazing views from the rooftop bar. I had a premier ocean view king on the top (6th) floor that's on the side of the building. The room itself was very spacious and had a comfortable bed. There is a small balcony, but there's only a small glass divider between your neighbor's balcony. Nice views though. I would advise against staying on the 6th floor if you are noise sensitive, as you can hear the music coming from the roof deck. It's actually amazing how well they've sound insulated the room, but you can still hear the muffled booming. The music stopped around 11pm so it didn't really bother me. All in all a good experience.
95. Went to LA for business and stayed at the Hotel Erwin in Venice Beach for a change of pace from the hotels near the airport. Turned out to be a great move. The hotel was right near the beach so I was able to go for a run in a scenic setting as opposed to a fitness room on a treadmill. Internet service was satisfactory so I could get work done in my room which faced the ocean. Once work was done I would go to the rooftop bar for a beer to relax. You can't ask for a better "business" trip than that.
96. This hotel lies right between a nice beachfront residentail neighbourhood to the south and an edgy stretch of boardwalk lined with cheap and colourful souvenir stores, drug paraphrenalia supply stores, local fast food eateries and a lively laid back (high?) entrpreneurial and perhaps talented transient group plying their craft/art/special skills, to the north! It is a fun must-see beach. Very different from Santa Monica Beach, Huntington, Laguna, Newport.... you name it, Venice Beach is special. The hotel staff told us the boardwalk was unsafe to walk on after dark. And judging by the daytime crowd, we can easily imagine why. However they neglected to tell us that the area to the south of the hotel is quite different. We almost missed a big part of Venice, complete with lagoons and beautiful (also reasonably priced) beachfront houses. One place rents for $2000US a month for tourists. That's amazing for L.A. The rooms are clean enough, and the staff attentive and courteous. Our partial oceanview room is precisely that - looking straight out, the view is the top of a warehouse type building; crank your neck to the left and you can barely make out the ocean and beach about half a block away. There was no balcony. If you have a car, remember to add the valet parking fee ($16 a day) into your hotel budget. Street parking is not recommended in that area. Also watch out for a "donation" for the homeless that they sneak in without asking first. We ended up making the donation, but still felt scammed because they didn't ask and put us on the spot when we reviewed the bill.
97. I was excited to stay in my first Joie de Vivre Hotel, having heard about the boutique chain from family members. The Erwin Hotel was a great introduction to the JDV way, it's chic and stylish but still affordable. The location in Venice was hard to beat, 1 block from the boardwalk/beach and easy valet parking in a covered lot so you didn't have to worry about your car. The check in area was a little cramped, but the check-in process was very quick and soon we were up in our room. The room was fairly basic but it was roomy and had plenty of modern charm. The restaurant is cozy but they have good healthy food. One unexpected bonus was the sunglasses they had for sale in the room, we needed a pair so grabbed one and paid when we checked out. The rooftop bar is remarkable and the true highlight of the hotel. We went up on a weekday afternoon and there were only a couple other tables occupied so we more or less had it to ourselves. Unbeatable views of the coast. The one drawback of the rooftop bar, as other reviews have noted, is that if your room is near the elevator or stairway that gives access to it, it will be noisy during peak bar times (weekend nights). Overall a great value given the location and the modern design update they've given the hotel.
98. After checking-in and entering our room - there was an overpowering odor of "an illegal substance," even though this was supposed to be a non-smoking hotel! Immediately called down to the front desk and was moved to another room. Too bad that this was the first impression we received.
99. I stayed here with my girlfriend last week and couldn't have been happier with the hotel. It is in an AMAZING location, just across from Venice Beach. It also sports outstandingly gorgeous views in all directions from the Rooftop bar, High. We had a clear day, by LA standards, and could see all the way to the Hollywood sign and up to Santa Monica. The High is incredible. The drinks were excellent and the food equally as impressive. We enjoyed breakfast the next morning and our food arrived on time and piping hot. The King size bed was so comfortable we didn't want to leave. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a night away from the busy hustle and bustle of LA. It is a sanctuary of relaxation amidst the concrete jungle.
100. I stayed at Erwin for one Saturday night in August to celebrate with a group friends. We booked a large suite complete with partial kitchen, fireplace, kitchen table and sitting area separate from the small bedroom. The appointments and decor were great along with a nice touch of street art posters and murals throughout the room. The best touch was the Sam Flores bathroom door. The room was great, however, there were many touches throughout that needed a little rehab. I'm a chipped paint snob, so it is a bit of a turn off when you pay several hundred dollars and walk into a room that needs some repairs. i don't know why those details are so commonly overlooked by upscale hotels. The best part of the hotel is the 7th floor rooftop deck. Grab a corner couch at sunset and enjoy the boardwalk scene with a delicious cocktail. The food was not very good, so sip your drinks slowly and save your appetite for the restaurants on Abbott Kinney.
